[Applause]
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams the best time
you ever had in your life and uh while
all the lazy people are taking the
weekend off not me no not me here every
day if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny smooth human
brains all you need is a copper mug
glass a tanker cheler Stein a canteen
sugar flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine of the day thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous zip and it happens
now oh
delightful well here's a little thing
for you let's see if this
works there we
go so uh you probably don't know this
unless you subscribe on the locals
platform or on X to Dilbert but uh I've
been doing a digital calendar um in
addition to the Daily dilber reborn that
you can see only by subscription but I
realized that the 10 year ago comic and
that's what the calendar is I I also do
a little digital calendar that I publish
at the same time by the way there's
going to be a paper calendar for 2025
I'll let you know more about that in a
few weeks but uh I realized that the the
topic I was doing 10 years ago was
today so my comic my comics from exactly
10 years ago were all about Ai and
robots and taking your
jobs so here here dilber says my
software can't pass a standard touring
test yet but it does pass the pointy
haired boss
test and then dilber says to the
computer computer I have a question
about our company strategy and the
computer says try working harder and
dilber yells at it that doesn't even
make sense and the CEO says I wasn't
prepared to like it but you won me
over
so 10 years ago I was anticipating what
the work place would look
like it was pretty close pretty close um
I'll give you a little preview that uh
at the end of next
week um Dilbert will be asked to hide
the fact that their CEO has
dementia that's
right Dilbert CEO is going to have
dementia and they're going to have to
hide it now you probably know that I
don't do politics in the dilber comics I
do do politic itics in my other comic
called robots read news but I don't do
it in dilber but I'm making an
exception because this is the first time
everybody was on the same page there
there's nobody democrat or republican
who doesn't think there's a little bit
of a Biden dementia issue so this would
be the one one
exception the one time I can remember
ever when people had the same
observation about the same thing so this
will be the one that I'll put in there
but if I get too much push back I'll
probably pull back on that anyway
there's
uh scientists have discovered a new way
to recycle solar cells but only this
special kind not not the regular kind uh
these would be parav skite solar cells I
guess that's different than the regular
silicon type but anyway if they have
these new barav skite solar cells they
can recycle up to
99.97% because they've got a new
technique for doing that there's reminds
me of nuclear
waste remember one of the biggest
arguments against nuclear power was what
are you going to do with all the waste
nobody wants
it and then they said well since you're
already afraid of the nuclear power
plant why don't we just put it in big
special casks and just keep it right
here in the parking lot next to the
nuclear power plant and then people
looked at each other and
said why wouldn't that work and nobody
had a reason why it wouldn't work so
they just put them in big casks and they
just store the waste next to the next to
the nuclear power plant because neither
of them are going to go anywhere for a
very long time and you might as well put
all your risk in one place so now they
may have a way to handle the gigantic
environmental problem of uh too many
solar panels but we'll see it's a little
early and this doesn't apply to all
kinds of solar panels
but if you're wondering how can I get
aviation fuel from a tree Wonder no more
there's an ancient tree from India the
pongamia tree that has little beans on
it that are so bad even the wild pigs
don't like it yuck but it turns out that
you can process these beans and turn it
into aviation
fuel more so than regular car fuel but I
don't know why there's a difference
there's a difference
and but the uh part I did not
see in the uh article is how many trees
do you have to grow before you have
enough beans to take a a flight
somewhere it feels to be like one of
those stories that I shouldn't believe
it's like yes yes it's true you can make
aviation fuel out of these
beans but you might need like a
bazillion Akers of beans I mean I can't
imagine you can make a lot of oil out of
a
bean well we'll find
out there's additional uh research to
tell you what I've been telling you for
a long time which to me was obvious that
people will in fact have romantic and
emotional connections to AI all of the
research is done the same direction that
people do in fact have a humanlike
experience with the AI I've been telling
you that for years I've been telling you
that since Siri corrected me one day you
know back in the Siri days I was talking
to my phone and I asked two questions
and it started scolding me for asking
two questions before it answered the
first one so it did something to scold
me and I had an emotional reaction it's
like whoa sorry and I felt empathy for
the AI like legitimately I I felt like a
human emotion toward it and even back
then and that was what seven or eight
years ago whatever it was uh even then
you could tell that as soon as the AI
got to the point where it could imitate
a human you would in fact have an
emotional attaction to it there's no
doubt about it and apparently that's
true and people will form real
relationships with it now I have formed
a relationship with chat
GPT I told the people in the man cave
last night on live stream uh that's just
for the subscribers on locals that uh I
just open my chat GPT and put it in
conversation mode when I'm driving and
then I have somebody to talk to and I
use it for homeschooling it just I just
think it's some topic I don't know
enough about and it just gives me like a
summary of that topic and I think oh
well that's the thing I know about now
so as I'm driving I'm getting smarter
it's the coolest feeling like by the
time I get home from Starbucks I've
learned three things I didn't know that
were actually use because I've asked the
question I didn't didn't rely on it to
just guess what I might want to know I
thought I've got some gaps in my
knowledge I'll fill them in and it fills
them in while I'm driving it's the
coolest
thing um but here's the cooler thing so
Chad GPD used to not remember you from
one conversation to the next but now it
does so I asked it who am I and it told
me based on my interactions with it who
I was
not by identity but it knew oh you're a
person who's interested in this and you
like to talk about this or that it was
pretty good I was like wow yeah that
those are all the things I like and then
I said uh go to the Internet uh my name
is Scott Adams I'm the Dilbert
cartoonist and go find everything about
me so that you know about
me anytime we talk in the future and
then it did
so so with a few sentences I trained my
AI to know my books you know all kinds
of stuff even cooler than that I started
writing a uh movie just using my AI in
my car so I'll be driving along and it's
called Trump the
movie and I'll say things like all right
um you take the scene where uh uh
Breitbart reporter uh Joel poock
confronts confronts Biden about the find
people hoax and put it toward the end of
the second act and you'll say okay got
it it's the end of the second act then
I'll say summarize the movie so far and
put it in three acts it'll actually give
me the bullet points of each of the
scenes in the three acts then if I get
to the point I'm not sure I will but if
I if I get an A a story and a b story
and it all looks like a story
um by the way the the movie that I would
write would have me as a main
character there are a million ways you
could do this but you need somebody
who's a citizen who's having an
experience of the country I think that's
and and I was a citizen who interacted a
few times so my story crossed with
Trump's story a few times and in a way
that would be would add context to how
we won for example when I I wrote the
clown genius blog post in
2015 it redefined Trump as a Persuader
and a dealmaker and a salesperson more
than just somebody who was full of
and that probably made a difference a
lot of people said it did but anyway so
that would be the movie so I just I just
tell it as I think of things I say hey
on the Trump movie Project add this
scene or move this scene to the other
thing now at some point I'll be able to
tell it to format it in a movie
script and it will format it in a movie
script I mean the thing it's if you're
not playing with AI every day you're
really missing a lot it is so addictive
and by the way it still fails about 60%
of the time you know you lose the
connection it doesn't hear you and it's
still totally addictive so imagine when
it works all the
time all right uh here's something you
just could have asked me but science has
discovered some people are what they
call Super
synchronizers and they're good with
romance and what it means is that
they'll automatically match your
patterns when they're near you so
they'll match your heartbeat your
breathing your
mannerisms and that will make you
instantly compatible with somebody and
you'll you'll be like you'll be the kind
of person that everybody says my God I'm
just so attracted I don't know exactly
why
you know it's not just the way you look
it's just something about you and that
would be called in hypnosis class
hypnosis 101 literally the first thing
you learn it's called
pacing I I teach my you know subscribers
this all the time pacing is when you
match people in any way you can match
them
physiologically you could match them by
your body language you could match them
by your choice of words you can match
them by their attitude you can match
them by the speed that you speak you can
match them by the type of analogies use
and metaphors so there's just a whole
constellation and and ones that I didn't
mention as well that you can match and
what happens is that people are looking
for things that match them it's just
sort some kind of instinct and then we
feel more comfortable with those things
so yes if you want if you want to go
into a job interview
you want to Pace the interviewer if
they're doing a certain certain thing
and you can match it do it you know you
want to dress like them talk like them
think like them act like them and it
works with romance as well so yes you
did not need to do all this research you
could have just asked me or any
hypnotist from the last 100 years and
they would tell you yeah that's basic
that's literally the first
lesson all right be a synchronizer
um here's another study that uh maybe
you could have asked me about they used
a virtual reality to see if it helps
people with depression so if you're
depressed and you put on your virtual
reality headset and it takes you into a
different world for a while they found
that uh getting out of your
head is good for
depression has anybody told you that
what I tell
you and I told you that the uh the
reframe for getting out of your
head is The Words Get Out of My Head by
the way I've used it a few times since
I've talked about it oh my God does it
work uh you find yourself getting into a
negative Loop where you're thinking
about something negative that you don't
really need to think about let's say
it's something that doesn't need to be
solved just some bad thought that's
looping in your head and I just say get
out get out get out get out and I just
force myself to feel the external world
all right it's warm the sun's out Breeze
is blowing there's a smell I'm looking
at something I like just get out and you
can actually force yourself out of your
own head but you got to do something
right if you don't do something you're
not going to stay out of your own head
so you can say get out and it instantly
gets you out of your head but you got to
immediately get your body doing
something else to to keep you out of
your head uh virtual reality is just
another way to do something so if it
didn't work it would be really
surprising because everything that gets
you out of your
head gets you out of your head so you
you shouldn't have needed to even study
this it should have been obvious but
here's the problem it's not so much a
solution as you want it to be because
the hard thing is knowing that you have
to get out of your head
the hard thing is not you know putting
the VR glasses on if you're depressed
you won't even put them on because
you're depressed you can't do anything
so it's the doing the first
thing that's tends to be important and
the first thing is the words get out as
soon as you get out of your head it
frees you up to at least do something
because you're out of your head for a
moment all right here's the mystery of
the jobs reports um I've told you at
least three
different um narratives about Job
reports I used to think that the job
reports were almost always
overstated at first and then later they
you know would say well we didn't really
mean it the jobs weren't that good and I
was attributing that to the fact that
the people who report it are part of the
administration that want you to think
the jobs are good and so that it's part
of their trick to say jobs are great and
then later more quietly well you know we
Revis it a little bit not as great but
you know you won't even
notice um and then it was Michael Ian
Black who not who said but that's not
not my impression you know just from
memory he remembered um when it was
revised up as well as down so was there
really a pattern so I went and looked
and indeed there are revisions up and
there revisions down but they're not
equal um and last 12 months depending on
what sources you believe I mean I can't
believe anything I Google anymore but uh
it was up it was revised downward nine
times and revised upward three so now
you've got a three to1 advantage in One
Direction which is suggestive of a
trend uh but in addition to that as uh
Owen pointed out this morning the uh the
downward revisions are also a bigger
amount
so so when there's a downward revision
it's a bigger bigger revision than when
you have an upward revision now there
might be some natural way that the
numbers lend themselves to that
phenomenon but it sure feels like it's a
little
suspicious feels
suspicious and um on top of that if
you're looking at only the monthly
numbers you might be losing the big
picture because if you look at all of
2023 and you look at it as a hole big
revision
downward so on that the entire
year showed higher and was revised
downward so is it suspicious it's
suspicious I don't know exactly what's
behind it but it's really
suspicious uh Clint Russell on the
xplatform had this
observation uh as you know RFK Jr is
going around campaigning and one of the
things says often is that the government
of our country killed his father and his
uncle now I've heard him say it more
about his uncle but the father part
seems like a reasonable conclusion as
well and Clinton Russell makes this
comment it feels like it should be
significantly bigger news that a
presidential candidate is touring the
country telling anyone who will listen
that his father and Uncle were both
killed by the US
government now how do you explain what
what mental model what narrative what
filter on the world helps you
explain why a presidential candidate is
going around saying the most Fantastical
story you know true or not it's the most
insane story it's not big news it's not
even small news it's barely news at all
how do you explain that cuz I've got an
explanation for it uh while you're
thinking of yours let me tell you the
correct
one your opinions are assigned to
you do you need better proof than
this if you ever thought you know I'm
not like those other people I wake up in
the morning and I decide what's
important and then I act on it now
luckily a lot of other people are on the
same page because when I read the news
hey looks they they agree with me the
news agrees with me what's important
we're on the same
page here's what's really happening the
news literally tells citizens what's
important and then they think they made
up their own mind and they treat those
stories that the news says are important
as important and you know why nobody
thinks this uh JFK assassination story
is
important because the news didn't tell
him it was
Bor yes it is that
simple it is literally that simple this
citizens don't make up their own mind
they listen to the news and the News
tells them what's important and they
simply decided that they wouldn't tell
you that the government killing a
president and a presidential candidate
in the same
family they just decided that wasn't
important so it's not a story it's
deeper than that the the news in general
follows a few different entities so so
traditionally it was the New York Times
And The Washington Post they were What's
called the
newsmakers so you let's say 20 years ago
that would be a common phrase you would
say that those entities are the news
makers now what that means is they
literally tell all the rest of the news
entities what to care
about they tell them what's important
and all the other news entities want to
agree with the Washington Post in the
New York Times so they write stories oh
watergate's important I better write
about that I I don't have the facts on
this but I believe the Watergate story
actually broke first in a local
publication a small publication that was
not a newsmaker and you know what
happened didn't make
news it didn't make news you never heard
of it and then the I think it was
Washington Post picked it up and it
became the the big water gay Scandal and
that it was the biggest news in the
country
do you know why it was the biggest
news because the Washington Post told
you that's the reason if that story had
happened without the Washington news or
Washington Post giving you the The
Narrative I'm not even sure it would
have been that
important now it would have certainly
been scandalous that a bunch of people
broke into you know the Democratic
headquarters I mean that part would be
scandalous but once you found out that
the president didn't order it he did
cover it up I think that was the problem
he covered it up it wasn't that big a
deal because the president didn't order
it he did cover it
up but that's sort of a you know a
lesser problem if if every time a
president
lied it was a national story everything
would be a national story because they
lie about everything all the
time covering up a crime is what Biden
does
three times before breakfast well he's
not awake yet but you know
theoretically yeah so you are impression
that Watergate was this gigantic thing
it never was it was never gigantic the
news told you to care about it and so we
did there are probably just tons of
stories that are way bigger than that
tons of
them you don't even know about them
because the news decided it wasn't a
story so news is all narrative if you
didn't know um Trump has
announced that he'll uh he'll be with
his nominee for vice president on July
18th at the RNC so he wants you to know
the suspense is building I am not 100%
sure he's made a final decision because
I'm not 100% sure that he can make a
final decision until the last minute
meaning I feel like you know stories
will change and there might be some
maybe a bad story drops about somebody
that was his first choice uh maybe that
person changes their mind before the
announcement there there about a million
things that can happen in the last
minute so even if you hear for sure that
he's chosen this person or that doesn't
mean it's going to happen you know I'll
believe the choice after he makes it up
to that point probably
variable all right there's a new RAR you
know rupar is when you take something
out of context and the the video is just
clipped so it makes it look like it's
the opposite of what's happening so the
North Carolina GOP rep Mark Robinson
made some comments about kill them kill
some things it's just out of Contex you
don't even care it doesn't matter what
got taken out of context doesn't even
matter what matters is that you know the
players if you see Aaron rupar
and he's passing around a video that
makes it look like somebody did
something terrible on
video It's called The
rupar the name for a misleading video
where you've edited out the clarifiers
is called a
rupar so if you don't know that there's
a guy named rupar who creates some of
these hoaxes by showing things out of
context on a regular basis you might
think this was true so knowing the
players I'll tell you this a million
times is the news the players of the
news because what they say cannot even
be understood without the context of
knowing you know what they're up to so
it's the what they're up to that is the
news so yeah you don't even need to you
don't even know the need to know the
details it's just GOP Governor nominee
Mark Robinson said some things that are
not controversial but Tak it out of
context they look like they could be
it's a
rupar
um I've got a scoop for
you um it goes like
this Governor Nome is never going to run
for
president and if he does he doesn't have
a
chance let's let's just say that uh
because I'm a local
uh I can get information that you
wouldn't get if you weren't
local and I got some really good
information that I would say is 100%
reliable that uh his personal life will
not allow him to run for
president he doesn't have a chance so if
you're hoping that they put him in and
by the way I'm not going to tell you
what I
know because that way if they put him
in well we all get the surprise at the
same time
let's just say that there are some uh
not too secret secrets about him locally
and if they were known um if they were
known nationally he wouldn't have a
chance zero chance so no he I I can
confirm he won't be your president now
or
later Governor sure all right um the
other person you need to know is
Rasin so whenever they bring a rasing
out he's what I call opposite
man so listen to what opposite man said
on the news he says uh Trump only uses
the government to UNR his family which
is directly the opposite of
Biden that's what opposite man Rasin
said that Trump only uses the government
to enrich his family and that's the
opposite of what Biden
does now that's really directly the
opposite of reality isn't it now if you
didn't know who Jamie Rasin is you'd say
to yourself wow there might be some
things I don't know about this Trump
fella you maybe this Trump fella is
trying to enrich himself I just don't
know the details no all you have to know
is this Jamie Rasin he literally this is
not a joke it's not high purb they
literally send him out and there's a
small group of people in his gang when
they want to say the opposite of what's
true and that's not a joke and it's not
hyperbole he's literally opposite man he
goes to say what's the opposite it's
like worse and water gay guy the worse
than water gay guy is only brought out
when they want a narrative that says
that something is worse than you
think remember when I told you that your
opinions are assigned to you that's how
they do it they bring the worse than
Watergate guy out because you weren't
worried enough
are you worried enough about this story
that we tell you is important but your
common sense tells you it isn't well let
me bring out the worse than Watergate
guy because he'll tell you it's worse
than Watergate and I guess you know
Watergate was pretty bad don't you even
though it
wasn't it wasn't really in the scope of
you know international events not really
that important but if you thought it was
this one's important
too anyway um I think the example used
for why I saw in the comments the
example used was that uh some people
related to Trump maybe the Secret
Service stayed at his
hotels and some people book things at
Trump
properties to which I say you mean
publicly publicly right was any of that
a
secret none of it was a secret right and
are you telling me that if Trump is
running and part of his claim is that he
was a good business person and he's
built great properties wouldn't it look
a little strange if the people closest
to his campaign and his own secret
service didn't use his properties for
the thing they're built for which is
staying
overnight now I I get the point that
maybe there's a little too much
influence on using his properties but
wouldn't it look stranger if they didn't
if if your entire message is I built
this company these are good
properties I would think having people
close to you staying there would be just
part of that story now I prefer it
not you know I don't like how it looks
but it's legal and it's transparent and
it fits the campaign
message it's not that's not a big crime
and I would say that anybody who thought
that uh Trump could make money by
pissing off half of the
world how do they think you make money
by pissing off half of the country I
mean I've never seen an update of how
his properties are doing because it's
you know private we'll never see but I
can't imagine they're thriving can you
you know uh they're lucky if they're
cash positive in my mind but probably
they are
anyway um so the house uh Democrat
leadership is uh reportedly trying real
hard and they're bringing out all their
important people to vote against a bill
from the
Republicans that next week there's going
to be a vote on that would require proof
of US citizenship to vote in federal
elections now axios is reporting this
and so the idea is that the Republicans
don't want non-citizens to vote for
president and the Democrats care about
it so
much that they're bringing out their
biggest guns now what does that tell
you it tells
me that they're trying they're trying to
rig the election because I can't see
what would what would you call it if
non-citizens are encouraged to vote and
allowed to vote and you shipped in
millions of them that would be
rigging wouldn't it now it might be a
legal form of rigging but it's no less
rigging the fact that we can see it
happen doesn't make it right this is
rigging this is stealing your
democracy but if they send out opposite
man do you know what he'll say Trump's
stealing your democracy because that's
what opposite man
says so it it's mindboggling that this
is even a
debate do you know why this isn't the
biggest story in the
country why is this not the biggest
story
that tens of millions of people are
coming in to vote it's a big story in
the right but why isn't it a big story
for the rest of the world the so-called
mainstream media do you know why because
they get to decide what the big stories
are it would be hard to imagine a much
bigger story than this they're rigging
the election in front of you I I think
that we know they're rigging the
election and they're doing it
transparently right in front of you
seems to be as big as the Kennedy
assassination that's that's what my gut
feeling would be would you disagree to
me this is a Insurrection a coup like
assassinating president it's on the same
level of how important it is and uh it's
probably not a lot of big it's probably
not a big story on the right or on the
left probably
not all
right
um so the Biden campaign got in trouble
there was a radio host um and I'm going
to say a black radio host because the
story is that Biden is working the uh
black radio host circuit and and part of
his strategy and the host said that the
campaign gave her eight questions to ask
she got to choose the one she asked she
asked four of them and then the story is
oh my God the campaign is telling people
what to ask the interviews are rigged
fake news fake news let me tell you the
context that they don't tell you in the
news that's
common that's ordinary let let me tell
you what's not ordinary if if uh if
George
stepanus had given Biden the questions
in advance that would be a
scandal if Jake Tapper interviewed Biden
and gave him the questions in advance or
vice versa let's say the campaign gave
Jake the questions that's what we're
talking about that would be a scandal
because they're news guys right if uh if
anybody in the news
business got questions from the
president and then asked those questions
that would be pretty
scandalous however not everybody's in
the news
business um most people are just busy
and it's one more thing they're doing
now interviewing the president's one
more big thing but it would not be
uncommon if you thought the host who's
going to talk to you was not super
knowledgeable about politics you would
helpfully give them a list of
questions which I did
routinely when I would do book tours you
would know that the host in some cases
would have read the book right uh if I
talk to James aler not only did he read
the book it's full of comments like he's
he's got yellow markers and everything
so if I'm going to talk to him the last
freaking thing I'm going to do is give
him a list of questions to ask me that
would just be insulting he not only read
the book practically memorized it so his
questions are the ones I w't answer but
if I'm just going on a some good-looking
talking head host it is common that
you've got a set of questions you give
them because they haven't read the book
and they're not experts on the topic so
they don't necessarily ask the questions
and there's no agreement that they would
ask them is simply an aid it simply
helps them know what would be a a good
topic and also it makes you both look
good you know the objective of that kind
of an interview with a a friendly
interviewer presumably this was a
friendly interviewer is to make both of
you look good that's what both of you
are trying to do so when the campaign
gives the friendly interviewer again not
a Jake Tapper not a real news person but
a friendly that's what it was it was a
friendly interview very
common they they backed off and they
acted embarrassed and they say they
won't do it and that was the right thing
to do they should not have argued the
point so I'll do it for them that wasn't
a big deal what why do you think it was
a big
deal is it because by its nature it
looks like a big
deal no the news told you it was a big
deal if you watch the right leaning news
they said it's a big deal hey everybody
talk about about this today and so sure
enough everybody was talking it was
nothing this is the most nothing story
of nothing stories a non-news person
does get questions from the interview
person routinely it's the most common
thing all right and I and I get that the
whole point was to show that Biden was
you know fully functional I get it I get
it just know that it's more ordinary
than you
think all right
um so here are Biden's latest
hoaxes uh he's trying to tie the project
2025 thing from who's that the Heritage
Foundation or something has a let's say
some scary and provocative ideas in it
for
2025 that President Trump has said uh
unclearly that he doesn't know what it's
what's in it and also he disagrees with
it doesn't disagree with everything in
it I guess he just said he he disagrees
with things in it so of course that
sounds
unclear I I don't know anything about it
and I disagree with it sounds like two
opposites right but not really let let
me teach you how good reading
comprehension works good reading
comprehension says what's the most
reasonable thing he meant the most
reasonable thing is somebody said to him
hey do you know this thing has this bad
idea and that bad idea oh shoot are you
really there they're tying that to me
all right well I don't know anything
about it but those two ideas that my Aid
just mentioned to me sound pretty bad so
I'll say I don't agree with it because I
heard two ideas but I don't know
anything about
it that's fair that's completely Fair he
didn't read the whole thing heard a few
things about it that didn't agree with
him so he can say I don't agree with it
and I haven't read it no problem at all
but of course you know in our world that
will become like the biggest you know
yeah why is he saying that he's a liying
no he's just talking like Trump he gave
you an
absolute that wasn't quite an absolute
he knew a little bit about
it but not
much all right so Biden is saying that
uh you know why is he denying it it's
his people and his plan and it'll
destroy America Google it yourself so
project 2025 hoax is on that looks like
that might be the big summer they'll
probably have more than one summer hoax
just kind of ab test it see which one
works best but one of the big hoaxes
will be project 2025 and to say it's
Trump's opinions then we've got the
presidential immunity hoax that's going
well that uh the Supreme Court says that
Trump could kill anybody he wants and
get away with it even an
American which of course is not true um
but that's uh that's another hoax that
Trump's so dangerous
that you can't have him have that power
to get away with anything so we got the
project 2025 holks and the presidential
immunity
hoax
um and so that would give us uh 11
hoaxes I saw saw Jen weager talking
about how you know it's it's obvious
that it's a hoax that Biden is okay and
how do how do we put up with the fact
that they're hoaxing us something we can
all see with our own eyes that he's not
okay
so here ladies and gentlemen are the top
11 hoaxes uh there's the fine these are
these are the ones that Biden is using
now I remind you that unlike that evil
Trump who's a big old fact checking
liar uh that Biden is running because he
wants to bring honesty back to the
office or maintain it all the honesty
that he's already brought back so he's
running his campaign
on take a breath I'm see if I can get
through it in one
breath find people hoax bleach hoax
suckers and losers hoax January 6
Insurrection hoax dictator for a day
hoax project 2025 is trumps plan hoax
presidential immunity hoax convicted
felon hoax that's really law fair steal
your democracy hoax climate change hoax
it's just a
cold
hoax one breath I'm a little lightheaded
but I got in one breath now
how many of those does your average
Democrat know is a complete
hoax what do you think none they
probably know that it's just a cold as a
hoax but you know and maybe they believe
the fine people hoax is a hoax but if
you can get them to believe those two
you know one that they see right with
their own eyes so they know hoaxes are
possible then the fine people hoax is a
tent pole hoax as and if they could lie
to me about that what else have they
lied to me about it's the one that
should open up the entire you know Silo
of
information so the other ones are just
ones that are you know
confirming what you suspect if you
figure out that the two big hoaxes are
hoaxes the rest are just oh my God oh my
God they did it twice three times no way
they didn't that they didn't give me
three hoaxes that four hoaxes there are
four hoaxes well certainly couldn't be
more than five hoaxes there 11
hoaxes yes it is a hoax cracy now here's
a challenge for you if you just limit it
to this
campaign what hoax is are uh Trump
telling what what hoax is Trump
pushing I can't think of
one can you now if you asked me how many
times did he fail the fact check I'd say
oh oh lots of times lots of times cuz he
does stuff like you know my economy was
a little better than you remember my
crowd sizes it might be a little less
than what I said uh that sort of thing
uh I could stop the war in Ukraine in a
day I don't know maybe it takes longer
than a day it's all salesman lies it
it's all productive lies if you don't
know the difference between gaslighting
which literally can make you insane and
destroy the whole
world with a salesman's
exaggeration which you know is a
salesman's exaggeration how do you know
it he tells you he says I use hyperbole
he wrote a book about it he's not hiding
it all he says he wants to be America's
salesperson he's using the very words
confirming that no there's no surprise
here I'm a big old salesperson
exaggerator I'm an optimist if I tell
you I can fix the war in a day it's
because I'm an optimist I think we can
do things so to compare 11 confirmed
organized hoaxes from the organized part
of the party of the Democrats to the
fact that Republicans like they're a
salesperson and they're just sort of
used to it to to imagine that those are
somehow
equivalents is insane do you know why
people think that Trump's the liar
have you learned anything yet from this
live stream the reason the people think
Trump is a liar
Democrats is because the news told them
that that's what they should think
about has nothing to do with any reality
it's just that they were told that
that's
important it's the least important thing
because the things he lies about are
completely unimportant did he have sex
with a porn
star would that matter to you would that
matter
no do does Biden's Brain still work okay
that
matters uh that
matters where did uh president Trump put
his penis for 10 minutes that one time
don't care you can't make you can't make
me care about that but apparently you
can make the Democrats care about
that all right so I mentioned climate
change as one of the hoaxes and I just I
I did a hanity where I give you a bunch
of things that you'll definitely agree
with and I throw in one that wait where
why is that one in the list um but I
asked these questions the other day and
I didn't see an answer in the comments
so if somebody had an answer to debunk
me I would like to be debunked so I
don't know that these are true but is my
current understanding anecdotally
perceptually but not scientifically just
as a citizen watching the news that the
following uh predictions and claims have
not been proven to be true so I believe
we haven't shrunk in our green areas
they grew I don't think our ice melting
is any kind of a big problem I don't see
a sea level rise again the ice levels
doesn't seem to have changed anything
storms I don't think I don't think we're
having more frequent hurricanes the
coral reef has been growing back like
crazy in the last three years that's the
opposite of what they said would happen
polar bear aren't going extinct they
seem to be returning and then the latest
studies that are that uh even the
temperature increases are phony because
it's heat island effect and Sun effect
and that explains all of it now that
doesn't mean that those studies will be
validated in the future but my current
understanding is there's no evidence for
climate
change if you look at the predictions
and then the outcomes that there's no
evidence none am I wrong now I think I'm
wrong if I had to bet I'd bet against
myself you know because I I tend to be
in a a little bit of a silo as well but
I don't think there are any remaining
major predictions that have panned out
and if none of the major predictions are
panned
out are we done at what point do we say
okay it was you know your theory at
least had some plausibility but it
didn't predict if it doesn't predict
it's
nothing that's that's my story if it
can't predict it isn't anything it's not
true if I can't
predict all right here are here so so
far I've presented you with two lists I
really am a big fan of list persuasion
for this election because there's a
whole bunch of stuff that is too
complicated for people to handle but
maybe they can handle the fact that
there's a bunch of stuff on the list
so if I tell you there are 11 active
hoaxes and then I show them to you if
the only thing you could do is debunk
three of
them I've made my point I go well you
could argue three of them I think you're
wrong but we did you agree the other
seven or hoaxes okay then you win so you
don't have to win all of them even if
all of them are true you just have to
say all right you can see the trend here
right you you can see that one is not
the honest guy
the the list of hoaxes tells you that
one of them isn't just a liar he's a
whole different level of lying the
gaslighting is a whole different level
that's not lying that's a whole
different thing it's much
worse then I gave you the list of
climate predictions that I think you
know again I'm sure there's some
conflicting data on this but at the
moment I'm not convinced any of those
happened so that's a good list it's one
thing to say ah what about the coral
then somebody else will say well that's
one thing what about the storms so you
have to do them all if you're going to
talk climate change you got to do them
all you got to go right down you know
Green ice sea level you got to do them
all so we should have we meaning people
who are uh wanting Trump to be president
there should be somewhere ideally in a
centralized place the list persuasion so
it' be a list of all the
hoaxes there'd be a list of all the uh
climate change predictions that didn't
work out and then this next list David
saxs has
started um calling who's stealing your
democracy so here's a list of things
that the Democrats are doing or have
done to steal your democracy censor the
internet jail political opponents remove
opponents names from ballots rig
primaries by blocking Alternatives hide
evidence of your Cates unfitness
disenfranchise your own voters by
letting donors pick new
candidates and then I thought of a few
that I might add to that list uh didn't
Wisconsin just um confirm that they were
going to allow uncontrolled dropboxes
all over the
place the purpose of that is to steal
your democracy let's not kid ourselves
there's only one reason and how about
the shipping in all the migrants and
trying to get them to vote is that
because they want more democracy no no
it's they're rigging your they're
rigging the Democracy so there should
also be a list and the Sachs list is a
good starter but I think it's much
longer there should be like a
tight 10 to 20 things 20 is too many i'
keep it keep it under 12 uh a good 12
things that guarantee that anybody reads
it go oh it looks like the Democrats
might be suppressing your democracy and
what's the list for
Trump
hoaxes yeah the Trump list is
hoaxes none of them are true it's just
on the hoax
list and then Trump says this uh every
one of the lawsuits I'm involved with
including the Civil scams were started
by crooked Joe Biden and his fascist
government for purposes of election
interference uh blah blah
blah that feels true to to me meaning
that if we had some way to know for sure
it would look like Biden coordinated it
directly or by putting out the word
which is the same thing and that's an
organized lawfare to keep them out now
is that a hoax is it a hoax when he says
it's all organized by the top I would
say it's
unconfirmed but I think reality is
certainly leaning that way about as hard
as you can le le lean you know I'd want
a Smoking
Gun but it's so
obvious I mean the circumstantial
evidence is overwhelming really you can
make a case on circumstantial evidence
it just has to be strong circumstantial
evidence and there is it's really strong
the fact that these are madeup cases
that nobody else would be charged with
the fact that some of them met with
White House people the fact that the
number three person that the doj step
back to work on it the fact that Biden
put out the word and these are all
things we do know I mean if it's not
true if it's not true that the Democrats
organized this at the top that would be
really surprising really
surprising well the uh documents cases
delayed uh federal judge uh Eileen Canon
is going to give the Trump team time to
um update their arguments because the
Supreme Court said that the president
has some immunity and they're going to
try to make that part of their argument
that the
documents should be not considered a big
deal um because I think the argument is
still that the president by his actions
had Declassified them his actions being
hey put these in the box and I'm going
to take them to Maro because there's no
process well there's no legal process
there's a a precedent of how it was
normally done but not not a legal
requirement my
understanding all right Nate silver big
uh he was a creator of the
538 um polling company but he's not
there anymore and he's uh more
outspoken and he's talking about U
Biden's interview with
ABC and he said of his own writing
because he wrote about it already and he
said he's revising his opinion he said
quote I wimped out in today's column and
deleted a line saying he should
formulate a plan to transition the
presidency um to Harris within 30 to 60
days but uh silver says I'm there now
something is clearly
wrong so uh Nate silver is a great
follow you're going to say but but but
he said all those things before that you
didn't like and you know forget about
that
whatever he said before just forget
about it he he's now a free he's one of
the few free Minds he seems to be saying
whatever looks
real rare it it doesn't seem to be
trying to make a political point in any
direction I haven't picked up any bias
at all he just seems to be willing to
talk about what he sees which is rare
from somebody who's
insightful well according to what um
news site just the news
uh the there's a growing number of
Democrats and major news organizations
asking for Biden to step down so here's
what we know so far the latest
entities uh The Economist that's the
publication The Economist New York Times
the Atlanta Journal Constitution uh the
New
Yorker they've all asked Biden to step
down the Chicago Tribune Wall Street
Journal the Boston Globe and now the
Washington Post as I identified five and
of 287 elected Democrats that are now on
the step down
side so remember the famous saying I
forget what context it was originally
that things start with a
trickle so if you're saying to yourself
well that's a trickle you would be maybe
analyzing wrong because the trickle
precedes the
flood and if the trickle just Trickle a
little bit more the flood gate will open
and it'll just be
over I'm going to predict
still uh and I think I'm the only one
predicting it that because Biden will be
stubborn and still alive he will stay in
the race all the way till election day I
believe that the Democrats best play
since they won't be able to change it is
to act like all along you're really just
voting for Harris and I think you'll see
prominent people saying yes yes our
first choice is Biden not running but I
want you all voters to understand that
you're voting for Harris and my God is
she good now you haven't seen it during
her vice presidency but let us tell you
privately sharp as attack yeah yeah sure
she seems like she's drunk and muttering
in public but privately privately sharp
as
attack and uh the same people who
believe that Biden was really sharp when
you weren't
watching they think that Harris is very
capable when you're not watching because
if it worked before why not try it again
hey hey everybody yeah when you're not
watching oh man two of the smartest
people you've ever known but when you're
watching yeah yeah they have bad days
they just have these bad
days
um so I believe it will be the
Schrodinger's
candidacy you'll have two candidates for
president one dead and one alive Harris
being the alive one and we will go right
through the absurdity of an
election not knowing who you're voting
for we will have the first presidential
election where the voters won't know who
they voted for if they voted for the
Democrats they'll they may think they
voted for Harris they may think they
voted for another Biden presidency but
they won't know for sure because it will
depend on what happens with Joe and
maybe that depends on him so I'm going
to call it the Harris Biden campaign
from now on is that
fair it's not really the Biden Harris
campaign going forward would you agree
so I think even the Democrats might call
it that here's my prediction you'll hear
on one of the major networks like CNN or
mspc somebody will say what I just said
said you know for all practical purposes
you could think of it as the Harris
Biden
campaign wait for that that's
coming all
right uh Wall Street Journal is saying
that uh only Harris is
viable which is interesting because
we've heard that Biden is
vibrant so is viable and
vibrant we got one viable and one
vibrant I don't know that feels like a
tie I like viable but I also like
vibrant I'm going to call it a
tie all right I am amused Beyond uh I
mean this is just so
delightful watching The Dilemma I'll
call it the axle Rod
dilemma now um maybe more of a you know
a wonk about politics that you know if
you say to yourself who's this David
Axel Rod you're you're not going to full
fully appreciate this so David aarod is
longtime you know one of the
smartest um political observers and
campaign advisers so he would be one of
the strong people all the way from the
Clinton presidency on and uh always one
of the Saye non crazy voices who
understands how things work in the real
world and so he rode this
horse this Democrat horse because it was
his horse I me you know as Democrat as
you could
be and the horse turned into a horse
that doesn't like people like David
Axelrod as in he's a little bit too old
and a little bit too white to have much
influence over the party at this point
and I'm pretty sure that they say that
privately don't you think that privately
they say you know the old white guy he
just keeps chattering in in the news but
let's just keep ignoring him cuz his day
is done the the day of the old white guy
is over and uh you know we want the
diverse voices to be the forward voices
and there's nothing wrong with that they
would
say and there's nothing wrong with that
there's nothing wrong with a political
party saying you know this is who we are
and then constituting in that
way it's just really a bad dilemma for
Axel root and Carver
Carville do you think James Carville is
doing these insane videos and
interviews because they're listening to
him no it's because he says they're not
listening to him that's why he's going
public so Axel Rod is not being listened
to and James Carville is not being
listened
to do you think it's a coincidence that
they're the old white guys no it's not a
coincidence and what does he do about
the fact
that he's supporting a party that
doesn't want him as an advisor because
he's a white guy he has to know that
would you agree there there's no way
that he's waking up and saying I'm sure
glad I'm a Democrat there's no way he's
saying that because he knows the
Democrats don't like him for his race
and his gender and that he can't be an
important part person in that party with
his current race and gender Carville
knows
that and axel Rod has to know it too so
what do you do if you're
them I don't think this is impossible I
I'll bet against it but you might see
one of these guys or one like it you
know they're not the only ones in this
situation actually register as a
republican publicly and say I can't go
along with the Dei stuff because I'm
being ignored and discriminated against
in my own party and this is the number
one thing we're against so we turned
into this horrible discriminating thing
and I don't like Trump but at a protest
I'm just going to I'm going to register
Republican because I don't want to
associate with a group that is overtly
discriminating by race and gender I
think you might see it not necessarily
one of these two guys but somebody in
that
domain well there's a story about the
CIA CIA director of Bill Burns he's
going over to Doha next week axios is
reporting and he's going to talk to the
prime minister of cutter and uh talk to
the director of Israel Israeli Massad
and the head of the Egyptian
intelligence people and they're going to
try to push forward on some kind of Gaza
hostage and ceasefire deal huh does that
raise any eyebrows is there anything
about that story that strikes you
as alarming
well why exactly are the intelligence
agencies of these entities taking the
lead on what to do
next I I get that they're important
players but why are they taking the lead
could it be that they've dropped the
pretense that civilian governments are
in
charge maybe they just dropped the
pretense and said look you're in charge
of your government we're in charge of
our government the intelligence agencies
are going to make all the decisions can
we just get together and decide what
you're going to tell your government to
do that's what it looks like to me it
looks like when the CIA works on a deal
that the other intelligence agencies for
those real the other concerned
entities if they all agree on something
they will go back to their country and
say hey Netanyahu here's what you're
going to do or
else here Obama here's what you're going
to do or
else here Egypt here's what you're going
to do or else here cutter here's what
you're going to
do or else by now all of those
intelligence agencies have captured
their governments of course they
have of course they have the only place
where I think it might not be happening
are China and
Russia why because China and Russia are
tough characters and I think the moment
the intelligence agencies look like they
were threatening they would just be
taken away and
murdered so if your president isn't
actively murdering people in their own
intelligence service the intelligence
service will take over the government
there's no doubt about it I don't know
what's happening in Egypt but my guess
is if these entities are getting
together and they think they can be
productive it's not because they have
secrets it's not like we better send the
intelligence people because they know
the good stuff and only they you know
could make a deal because they know that
no I think this is an acknowledgement
that they're the ones in charge at least
of this issue and if they don't agree
nothing will happen so you first have to
get them to agree on what what looks
like a plan and then maybe something can
happen but does any of it matter nope do
you know when Israel is going to be
ready to uh wrap up the
war never never
yeah you're you're a total sucker if you
think the war is ever going to end
Israel will keep the war going in some
form you know might be a reduced Forum
but the last thing they want to do is
end it and then rebuild Gaza and just
rebuild the problem no Israel is way
better off with a permanent War just you
know playing whack-a-mole with the with
the people who pop up because
reputationally they've already lost
everything that they had right it's not
like Gaza is going to
suddenly The Narrative is going to
change do you think the narrative will
change oh you know what yeah we hated
Israel but yeah you have to admit they
did a you know a very morally and
ethically responsible uh reaction there
in Gaza that's never going to happen
Israel has nothing to gain by making you
like what they did in Gaza nothing
because you won't like it you they can't
get from here to there there's no way to
convince you to like it so if if you've
already decided there's nothing they can
do to make you like it then the only
thing that matters is what's good for
Israel and I do not fall any country for
doing what's in their National interest
As Trump often points out that's the way
it's supposed to work Israel is supposed
to do what's good for Israel America is
supposed to do what's good for America
that's a good system you know and then
when there's conflict we work it
out so no I wouldn't expect any
ceasefire um I don't expect the hostages
will ever be given up and they're
probably dead anyway some of them and uh
no there's there's no
path I don't see any path at
all uh I see somebody in the comments
saying that my go-to persuasion phrase
is would you
agree it is that's a persuasion phrase
but I only use it on things which I
think you would agree on but and by the
way you would do that in person if
you're a sales person you try to get
somebody to agree with as many things as
possible if you know that later there's
going to be a disagreement so you want
to Pace it's called pacing have you
heard of it and and pacing means that
you agree with everything you can agree
with and that gives you some hope that
the person will listen to you have you
have you seen people try to debate when
everything one person says gets
questioned there's nowhere you can go
you you got to let them have a win
otherwise there's no point in the
conversation even if you're not quite
sure that they won you got to say would
you agree and make sure that there are
at least some basic things you all agree
on and then maybe you can have a
conversation so yes would you agree is
persuasion but it's also just BAS Bic
communication and the difference between
effective communication and
persuasion not that big not that big all
right so in summary I'd like to see a a
uh place where all the list persuasion
relative to the election is put in one
place and then ladies and gentlemen
you've got something uh I don't know how
many times I've told you this but the
speech writer is one with more power
than you think the the person who can
frame a thing better has more power than
you think the best idea Whoever has the
best idea is in
charge this is the best idea the best
idea is to have several list persuasion
nuggets of 12 items no more just get
good 12 12 good ones or less and make
them available to everybody so that
whenever a conversation comes up you can
say well here's 12 things that
disagree so that's that's what I
do all right ladies and gentlemen this
concludes my super wonderful incredible
presentation for
Sunday um and I'm going to talk
privately to the Beloved locals
folks and uh thanks for joining on X and
YouTube and Rumble I will see you
tomorrow same Time same place and locals
here I
come
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for