[Music]
what's up pom pom pom pom pom pom pom oh
what a day
Oh what a great day this is this is one
of the best days all day I don't think
I've had a better day since I woke up
and that's because we're all here
together for the simultaneous hip I know
that's why you came grab your well let's
be specific let's not leave it to chance
if you'd like to participate in the
simultaneous lip all you need is a
couple more glasses Stein the chalices
tacular thermos the flask
canteen Grail goblet vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better the simultaneous epic
I'll sublime well today we're going to
talk about the winners and the losers I
will be grading people winners and
losers today I'd like to start with the
Pirelli tire company losers losers I say
that because I was trying to inflate my
tires the other day and so I was looking
for the inflation number on my tire
now Pirelli decided to put that in a
very very micro tiny lettering coloured
black on a black background surrounded
by a tire that had other tiny lettering
all around the perimeter so you couldn't
even narrow it down what zone the tiny
writing was in I broke two flashlights
because I smashed them on the ground out
of anger
trying to find the tiny writing on the
black on black tyre the third lighting
solution in which I used a painters
light to light up
the whole room also didn't work it
wasn't enough I had to put a mat on the
ground so I could get low to the tire
two flashlights broken paint or light
still can't see it it's too small
I've checked all the tire so I took a
piece of paper and a pencil and I
thought I'm just gonna like use the
pencil while holding it against the tire
and maybe I can surface the PSI count by
by the little piece of paper I got
mostly around the tire when Christina
came out and noticed that I wasn't happy
apparently she picked up on my lack of
happiness and said hey can I help you
out with her younger eyes and she got
down there and she looked and she looked
and while she was cursing in order to
make my point of how abusive this book
tire company is I pointed to her car
which also has black tires and also has
the tire inflation written in black on a
black tire except that the Continental
Tire Company made a big I could see it
right away it was like that big easy to
say even even black on black we did
eventually find the Pirelli number and
it was written smaller than well smaller
than a little about half the size I
think of this little writing here on
this pencil I'm showing you that if
you're listening to it you can't see at
all so Pirelli tire losers Continental
Tire winner winner more winners and
losers
did you see the Jacob Wall prank about
Kamala Harris okay this might be the
funniest thing I've seen in a long time
now let me start by saying I'm not
defending or disavowing Jacob wall
because I don't know anything about him
really except that he seems to be
associated with the right and has a lot
of critics but I don't know
details of it so forget about that for a
moment he's got a let's say he's a
controversial character but I don't know
the details so I don't have an opinion
on any of the controversy I'm only going
to tell you the recent story apparently
he's somewhat famous for shall we say
generating fake news
and he tried to generate some fake news
out of a story that apparently he just
made up about some somebody accusing
Kabul Harris of having an affair with
them now that's not the fun part the fun
part is how he pulled off the prank he
and I'm calling it a prank but you could
call this some other word if you like so
what he does is he runs an ad in
Craigslist for an actor an actual actor
and he tells the actor he's going to be
playing a part in which he's going to be
playing the part of somebody who's
confessing that he's the lover for
somebody named Kamala Harris who and
this is the fun part the actor who
answered the the ad had never heard of
the name Kamala Harris and so believed
we found out later that it was just a
name of a fictional person in a script
oh it gets better if you think that
wasn't good it gets better
so take of wall and announces that
there's giving like a press conference
and he actually gets like cameras and
like a crowd so crowd forms with the
press and cameras and everything
apparently they tell the actor who still
doesn't know but he still doesn't know
that it's a prank they eat they tell the
actor that all the people with the
cameras and the crowd are also actors so
so the actor comes out and he does his
performance and for other cameras
thinking that all the other people he's
talking to are also actors
no yeah that's not the funniest part
yeah but funny is fart yes I was trying
- have you ever seen
professional actors talk about how they
they performed in some play or in the
movie and there was some famous you know
award-winning actor or actress that they
were that they were acting with and they
always say the same thing they always
say you know I think acting with
so-and-so famous actor you know made me
better I felt I needed to raise my game
and I was thinking about that how actors
can raise the game of the other actor
simply by doing a really good job the
other ones you know rises to the level
and I thought this poor actor who
answered the crying says that he walks
out and he sees all these people he
thinks are actors and he must have
thought to himself damn these guys are
freaking nailing it they look exactly
like actual reporters and the people in
the crowd they don't even look like
they're acting
they look like they're totally nailing
person in crowd and I and I had this
this funny thought my mind that he went
out there and he's he's delivering his
lines pretending that he was a lover of
Komal Harris and he's probably looking
at the crowd at the same time like any
actor would to get you know response
because you're you're sort of you know
you're sort of connected to the people
you're acting with if I understand
acting and he's probably thinking
they're killing it
I've got I could've raised my level so
here's the funniest part of the story
Jacob wall might have gotten the best
performance from an actor of any
direction just because the poor guy was
trying to raise his level of acting to
the level of the people who were
actually real people but he thought were
acting all right and then it gets better
apparently the guy was promised five
hundred dollars for his acting
performance and he never got paid
[Laughter]
he's never got paid and he didn't find
out he didn't find out it wasn't he
didn't found out none of it was real
until he saw the news so I'll say once
again I'm neither supporting nor
condemning a Jacob wall in general I
don't know what he's done he's accused
of stuff and I just I haven't been
paying attention so I don't know don't
have an opinion on any of that but damn
that was funny
[Laughter]
so Jacob wall gets the win oh my god all
right remember you remember you saw the
story of the Iranian oil tech remember
you saw the story of the Iranian oil
tanker that apparently was hit by a
missile and did you say to yourself the
same thing I did you saw the story and
you're like huh somebody said two
missiles at an Iranian oil tanker
and did you have the same reaction I did
which was who did that who in the world
in the entire planet wanted to send two
missiles at an Iranian oil tanker and
the thing was in the Gulf and I said to
myself I can think of only one country
that would want two missiles to hit an
Iranian oil tanker named the country who
is the only country who would want an
Iranian oil tanker to be hit with two
missiles
go ahead who's the only country who
would want that to happen
Iran of course because nobody else would
do it
and then you know you wait a couple days
it turns out that story that story might
not be quite the story you thought it
was so apparently that was fake news so
sometimes fake news looks exactly like
you think it looks huh
name all the countries in the entire
world who would want to send two
missiles into an Iranian tanker in the
Gulf only one country I could think of
the only one I could think of as a ramp
do to cause trouble and make it look
like it was somebody else there's nobody
else in the right mind who would do that
under any conditions so Iran loser if
you're keeping score Pirelli tires
losers Jacob wall he wins this round
Iranian oil tanker losers alright let's
go on biggest winner there's a
marathoner who had just broke the
two-hour mark oh my god he ran a
marathon in under two hours
what are you kidding me you ran a
marathon in under two hours now you have
to watch the video if you want to if you
want to have a feel
good moment it's everywhere on the
Internet just check the news his name is
Elliot Kip chogi Kip chogi and watching
him get cheered on by the crowd who
understood he was gonna break the record
I guess everybody knew he was on the
verge of breaking one of the hardest
records you could ever break or maybe
the hardest I know maybe it's the
hardest record you could ever break and
the crowd knew it and used to watch him
running that final mile with the crowd
cheering him on was really inspiring
really inspiring so Elliot Kip Jogi
winner I grade you a winner seemed like
a nice guy also in his interview so I'm
happy for him bill maher his show last
night produces always produces some
interesting clips of highlights one of
them is he was talking about the
homeless in LA in particular I guess and
he was talking about how the housing
costs go up because of all the scammers
and I don't he was blaming bad behavior
for the housing costing too much and
even when they tried to build
inexpensive housing it becomes too
expensive to which I say Delmar what
news are you following because you would
have to be in quite the news bubble to
say that the homeless problem in Los
Angeles is a housing cost to problem
that's something you could only believe
if you were in a bubble
what kind of bubble you say oh ho this
kind of bubble a loser think bubble now
loser thing doesn't mean that the person
is a loser I'll say that as many times
as I need to I'm talking about the
technique of thinking about your world
if your technique is wrong you'll get a
wrong solution what does Bill Maher do
wrong technique-wise which left him in a
bubble in which he couldn't see reality
clearly because the reality is if you
are if you follow the news sources on
the right let's say Fox News as one
example you would know that it's not so
much a cost of housing problem that's
always a variable but it's more a mental
health and a drug problem
meaning that even if you took those
people who are on the streets and said
to him hey here's a free house they
would say no thank you
and they would choose to live in their
tent on the street and do drugs or maybe
they have mental problems the housing
wouldn't make any difference
Phil is their problem it's not what
they're trying to solve so Bill Maher
apparently watches the news in silo that
is more associated with his point of
view I would imagine and that makes him
blind to what people who are watching
the other silo consider common knowledge
I mean if you've seen dr. Drew talk
about it if you've seen Michael
Shellenberger write about it or talk
about it if you've watched Tucker
Carlson if you've watched the guff elde
you know the greg gutfeld show there's a
lot of shows on the right that if you
watch them you know it's a mental health
problem a drug abuse problem so that's
that's a perfect example of loser think
is limiting your exposure to one side or
the other doesn't matter which side
you're limiting to if you're not
watching both you're definitely in a
bubble that's something I can say with
complete certainty if you're not
sampling the news from both sides you
don't have really any chance of knowing
what's going on in your world
there's not even any hope at all all
right so bill mara for getting one of
the most important problems in the
country wrong which is the homeless
problem and what is its primary cause
you get loser loser for the week Don jr.
tweeted
a short clip of Camilla Harris laughing
about her own jokes a little bit too
hard now you know I've been making that
case for a while there she laughs at her
own jokes too hard but there was an
interesting little exchange because um
so down juniors quote that accompany the
video of Camilla laughing too hard at
her own jokes he said why is cobble
Harris the only person that laughs at
her jokes always way too long and way
too hard the most disingenuous person in
politics after Hilary all right so so
here's the setup Don jr. tweets around a
clip of Camilla Harris laughing too hard
into her own jokes and if you look at
the clip it's just not a good look
because it's just her guard ha ha ha ha
and sort of that unattractive and I
don't mean in the male/female way
unattractive but just as a human being
unattractive laughs so what does cobble
Harris do to respond there's a response
alright so now we have a good chance for
a winner and a loser here because we've
got something back and forth so kabbala
retweets Don Jr's entire tweet including
the video of her laughing too hard
unattractively and then calm allah says
this which was actually pretty good she
says to Don jr. you wouldn't know a joke
if one raised you pretty good right you
wouldn't know a joke if one raised you
and I thought to myself not bad pretty
good joke but here's the thing when Don
Jr who is smart and understands how the
world works when he tweeted around
calmly Harris's video of her cackling at
her own joke he knew that that would be
a bad look for Kamala and the people who
saw that would have a non critical
reaction to it they would have a
visceral reaction to it it would make
her a little less interested in her as a
leader but
it looks on literally the way she's
laughing at her own joke just again in
an irrational sense that's how we
process it I'm not saying there's any
rational reason that laughing at your
own jokes makes you less of a leader it
just feels that way and so the way
people respond to you as the leader
matters and so Don jr. knows that and so
he tweets that and it's very effective
in my opinion so persuasion wise Don Jr
has the advantage she tweets out a
visual visuals are always and that comes
with an audio and if you said something
as a visual and audio element that
strong strong persuasion alright so so
far Don jr. has the strong advantage in
this original tweet but then Carlo comes
back with a good response pretty funny I
would say you know certainly she
probably had a little help with it maybe
because it seems a little funnier than
what she normally produces but it's
solid so whether or not a you know
wouldn't matter if an advisor came up
with it or she came up with it she gets
the she's the one who tweeted it and
it's solid
you wouldn't know joke if one raised you
and I'm sure her base thought that was
pretty funny but here's what Carla did
wrong
her retweet exposed her own followers
not just Don Jr's followers on Twitter
but all of her own followers to the
video of her cackling too hard and
looking unpresidential so Don jr. gets
the most solid win you've ever seen ever
because what he obviously wanted to do
was to have more people see this video
of Cobble harris cackling in a non
literally way calmly Harris's worst
response ever was a clever witty joke
that part was good I'll give her a plus
for the for the clever witticism but to
deliver it she had to retweet her own
insulting video they couldn't possibly
work in her favor winner
Don jr. in a knockout
that one was not even close Kamala
doesn't seem to understand how anything
works she doesn't understand that
retweeting her own cackling video no
matter how cleverly she responded is not
a winning strategy that's a losing
strategy every time Don jr. for the win
all right here's a weird one
AOC hired somebody who has had some
involvement with legalizing drugs you
know as an issue and she tweets hashtag
legalize it in demand justice for
communities ravaged by the war on drugs
now when AOC says legalize it I don't
know if she's talking about just
marijuana or maybe something beyond that
but that's less important than what
happened so Congress Congress person
Matt Gaetz
sees a o'seas tweet in which she's
calling for legalizing drugs and he
responds you had me at hello this is
interesting now in terms of tweeting is
there a winner and a loser a o'seas
tweet calling for legalizing at least
marijuana I think that's probably the
context I would say winner AOC winner
because that's a topic that the public
likes and it's exactly where she should
be
so it's smart tweet right place right
policy AOC winner Matt Gaetz comes in
and she says you had me at hello
very clever tweet very clever because
they're both you know young good-looking
people and so you automatically you know
your mind goes to a place right because
if it were a movie these two would end
up getting together right if this were a
movie and so using this movie reference
you had me out hello it's hilariously
provocatively flirty without going too
far in other words it's not
unprofessional it's like boom he hit you
know he hit the crease like it's just
provocative enough but it's definitely
not over the over any kind of a line
he's still in the cleverly professional
zone which is very thick it's very hard
to hit cleverly professional you can be
professional by being boring and you can
be unprofessional by being provocative
but there's just a thin little zone
where you're provocative and still
professional and gates in it so Matt
Gaetz winner this one wasn't a
competition it was specifically two
people agreeing with each other so
somebody most associated with Trump and
the right and ASAE most associated with
anti Trump on the Left agreeing on this
topic and it's a topic that the American
people both agree with him double winner
American people as well as both
politicians on the same side
see you then is reporting that Trump
lost had a terrible week a terrible week
I say there was some court ruling about
yet to show his tax returns but that
will be appealed there's something about
funding using military funding for
immigration uses specifically building
the wall that apparently got stopped by
the cords but that will probably be
appealed something about public
assistance being required to get a visa
or something like that that will be
appealed or something so you had three
court situations that could be appealed
CNN calls there was a bad week for the
President and maybe so
so I'm gonna say that at least in the
courts the president had a bad week
losing but is the game over I'll say no
he's losing so far he's behind on the
scoreboard but these are all subject to
appeal so
may still come in and out all these
Shepard Smith quit did you all see that
it was big news so Shepard Smith quit
Fox News there was there will be plenty
of speculation some of them probably
correct in which people say he just
couldn't stand it anymore because he was
trying to do the real news and the
opinion people were on the other team
and blah blah blah but you've got to be
pretty you've got to be pretty angry to
walk away from a reported fifteen
million dollars per year salary you
gotta be pretty unhappy with your
situation to do that I will say and I
had said this before that Shepard Smith
was the best breaking news guy I've ever
seen so if there was a new thing there's
no script
it's breaking news and you want one
person in the world to be up there
talking about it intelligently keeping
the viewers engaged keeping and moving
along giving lots of context and stuff
nobody was better he's the best I've
ever seen and specifically I'd called
this out months ago when there was a
helicopter that fell in the bay or fell
only in the water in New York City and
Shepard Smith was on covering the
breaking news that was the best
performance of a news person on breaking
news I've ever seen I mean it was just
breathtakingly competent like it would
just be hard to match but it was also
the Fox News production team everything
from the graphics do the producers it
was just that should have won an Emmy I
don't know how that works is there some
kind of award for news business but he
should have warned an award for just
that coverage alone so but I don't think
he fit at Fox News I don't think he was
a quite the fit that he should have been
so maybe he'll find a better deal I wish
him well alright let's talk about so
Shepard Smith a winner or a loser well I
don't know he it was his idea to leave
so I'd say the game is incomplete if he
ends up somewhere that he wants to be if
it's better well he's with her
I think Fox News might be a loser in
that because he was he was a strong
talent even if you didn't like his
politics let's talk about the Kurds once
again there is a complete lack of
information about what's really going on
over there but you're watching the news
start to change your opinion of the
Kurds are you was it maybe two weeks ago
if I had asked you hey you watch the
news you're one of these people who is
well-informed tell me what you think of
the Kurds you probably would have said
something very positive about them being
you know strong fighters of allies and
the only people we could rely on over
there and all that now President Trump
says well we're gonna get out of the way
and Turkey is gonna have its way with
that border area that the Kurds are in
and the Kurds are in a lot of trouble
and the bombing has already started now
what are you hearing about the Kurds
this week it's changing isn't it now
you're getting more shall we say nuanced
view of the Kurds now what the Kurds
wanted more than anything was their own
homeland let me ask you this for the
people who say it was a mistake for us
to pull our troops out because it gave
Turkey a free pass what was the
alternative because the only thing that
the Kurds wanted was a homeland you know
sooner or later they wanted their own
their own land now let me ask you this
how well would that have worked out
let's say the Kurds had declared that
this is our land this will be our
homeland how are they defend it could
the Kurds defend a homeland not as long
as they had terrorists in their midst
who
whoo turkey found threatening so there
wasn't really any chance that the United
States was going to make any permanent
let's say Israel type commitment to
occur - homeland because it's very
expensive and it lasts forever you know
once you've decided you're gonna form a
hostile homeland surrounded by people
who wish you hadn't it's gonna be this
is gonna be an expensive situation so I
think I think that the zeitgeist on this
you know the public opinion is going to
start to evolve really already has from
Kurds or our allies to I think we were
just helping the Kurds get rid of Isis
weren't we just helping them where the
Kurds helping us I mean we we were
fighting the same enemy so in a sense
you know enemy of your enemy is your
friend sort of Thank You Kurds were
never our enemy I shouldn't say that
that analogy so back that out and delete
it but we have a much more nuanced
opinion and apparently some of the Kurds
we consider meaning the United States
considers terrorists they do seem to be
associated with the ones that are not
considered terrorists what kind of
Association is too much it's all getting
a little bit grey nail seemed like it
was black and white a week ago but yeah
well it's getting really gray and so so
there's your situations now we're also
hearing that the Kurds might be
releasing or not necessarily
intentionally but some Isis folks are
getting out during the bombing so people
who are in prison
let me ask you this if the Kurds decided
to slaughter all of the prisoners who
are Isis who are Isis and now maybe
including the families or maybe not I
don't know because there are family
members there too if the Kurds decided
to just go all genocide
and simply slaughter the prisoners
because they wouldn't be able to keep
them in prison and letting them out
would be too dangerous what would be
public opinion on that I'm not
suggesting it and I'm also not just a
variant because think about it think
about your the Kurds you just fought
this war lost a lot of a lot of people
the courage took massive losses and but
you won and part of what winning meant
is that your mortal enemy the ones who
raped and killed your brothers and
sisters you finally put them in prison
and now they might get out because the
Turks are attacking you
and if you stay and try to keep them in
prison you might die what do you do you
kind of know what they do right now if
the Kurds are unusually moral people
maybe they do let them out because you
know they I don't know maybe they just
think life is more important it's
possible I don't know that much about
the Kurds apparently they're somewhat
sectarian they're not they're not you
know they're not running their deal on a
religion alone so I don't know but
doesn't seem to you that the most likely
outcome is that all the lice is that all
of the Isis prisoners will be killed in
prison doesn't it seem the most likely
outcome I I don't see the outcome where
we're either the Turks or or the Kurds
allow them to get out of prison
and go free I don't see that yeah it
could happen accidentally if the bomb
falls in the wrong place people can get
free well I don't see the Kurds letting
the Isis prisoners got one I just think
that they're gonna slaughter them let me
let me put it this way well let me tell
you a story I heard once to put this in
perspective I heard this story from a
gentleman who is passed
away so I wouldn't I wouldn't tell the
story except that he's dead right he was
he would be in his 90s probably now if
he had lived and he told me about his
world war two experienced in which he
was leading a group of American soldiers
who are the first ones to free a
prisoner of war camp it was in German
held prisoner of war camp and they were
the first ones there and the the war was
basically widening down and the Germans
knew that they were going to lose so the
the German soldiers who were guarding
the prison camp sort of surrendered as
soon as the Americans got there in force
because there was no point they they
were outnumbered so the Americans go in
and they take control of the prison camp
and all the the German soldiers all
surrendered and they said okay where are
the prisoners because they couldn't find
the prisoners they had just liberated a
prison camp in Germany but they couldn't
find any prisoners and one of the guards
points in that direction to a train car
it was a train that had bullet holes in
it they had loaded all the prisoners
into a train in order to move them when
I thought I guess they thought that they
they could move them to another place to
keep them prisoner and when they
realized that they couldn't they
couldn't move them in time to get away
from the advancing American forces they
machine-gun them so when so this is this
is the person I talked to in person
he's tells me the story in person they
opened the train cars and all of their
dead American soldiers fell out they
were all dead all of the prisoners were
killed as the Americans approached and
the reason that he was telling the story
as I had asked him in World War 2 tell
me the truth
did you take prisoners because my my
assumption was that in world war ii
things were more barback
and there wasn't as much press and they
probably just killed prisoners but you
know everybody I'm not saying any
particular army did it it just seems to
me there was probably more killing of
prisoners than taking of prisoners
whenever it was hard to keep them as
prisoners you know if it was if it was
easy let's say a whole army surrendered
or something maybe there were cases
where it was easy to keep him and then
they just kept them but I said in
general did you take prisoners so here's
what he said and he was remember he was
a he was very young I think he was it
was actually 19 but he was commanding
his unit because all the other officers
had been killed so he ended up in
command just by default and he said yeah
we took prisoners all the time yeah we
absolutely took prisoners and then he
said except once except once and that's
when he told me the story about the
prison camp that he liberated they
liberated the prison camp the German
sold the German guards all surrendered
but that was revealed that they had just
killed all the American prisoners and
then this this very elderly gentleman
who served in New York in the war he
turned to me and he looked at me and he
said he looked me in the eye and he said
that day we didn't take any prisoners
that's war that day we didn't take
prisoners think about it I looked in his
eyes when he told me that he wasn't
joking and it's a story he had never
told he told me he'd never told the
story I was the first person who ever
heard it did you read about it in the
news nope you didn't you didn't read
about that story in the news and you
never will all right so let me ask you
this if you're the Kurds and you see an
army approaching and your worst enemies
Isis
are in your prison what's gonna happen
what happens if that if the Turks find
them alive let's say the Turkish army
gets there first and Isis prisoners are
still alive does Turkey want them to
live I don't know maybe depends who is
watching right so I think here's my
prediction my prediction is that we will
never hear definitively what happened to
the ISIS prisoners we just won't hear
that's all that's all you need to know
all right
gavin newsom signed 15 new gun laws in
california but here's an interesting
stat between 1993 and 2017 which I guess
is the latest available information
there was a 62% decline in the gun
murder rate in California which is
nearly twice the the national average of
declined so gun gun violence declined
everywhere but California was has been
aggressive with gun control bills and
the claim is that that collective action
must be some collection of different
smaller gun control bills including the
15 that are well the 15 order brand new
ones so we don't know how they'll do yet
but the claim is that it reduced gun
violence by 62 percent now what's wrong
with that statistic I know you're way
ahead of me on this right
somebody says let me see the stats right
that's exactly right I'd like to see
those stats so the first thing you
should say to yourself is yeah you don't
believe any stat you hear from a
politician right so that's the first
thing you should say is like well let me
see those stats so that's your that's
the first thing here's the second thing
where's the stat for how many extra
people got killed because they didn't
have a defensive weapon that's why you
want to ask me right where's the stat
for the people who
did get killed but would not have been
killed if the victim had been armed
don't have that but is that baked in and
I don't know the answer this question so
that's a real question is it baked in
because you're comparing it to the other
states in the rest of the country that
had only half as much of an improvement
those other states have the same same
effect right that their number also does
not include anybody who died who didn't
need to because they didn't have a
defensive weapon so I think this might
actually be a valid comparison but I
don't know I don't trust it on its
surface but here's my general statement
I've said that the states should be
laboratories and even if I might not
like living in the state that has a
certain set of laws I do appreciate the
fact that California is becoming a
little laboratory so I'm gonna surprise
you here no matter what you think of gun
control I kind of like the fact that
some states can try some stuff just see
what happens compare it to the other
states so as a system I'm highly
supportive without having an opinion on
the specifics of these new gun laws you
could have to put arguments against them
but if you're testing them in one state
and you can look at your stats compared
to other states and you can find a
meaningful way to compare isn't it worth
knowing you know at least like to know
what the outcome is so one of the
changes was you couldn't get an ar-15
until you're 21 so you can't get an AR
at 18 between 18 to 21 do you have a
problem with that do you have a problem
with somebody waiting until they're 21
to get a weapon I wait til 21 to buy
alcohol that seems it seems at least
based on biology like that seems a
factual thing because we know that human
brains are not quite evolved so that the
longer you can make somebody wait the
less
we'll do something with a semi involved
evolved brain so that's good now is that
you know of course you've got your
Second Amendment problems and I'm not
giving you an opinion that that's good
or bad but I'm just saying that it would
be it would be based on a biological
truth that between 18 and 21 you're not
as developed as after that so it's not
crazy you you you could a reasonable
person could disagree with that law but
I don't think it's crazy it's based on
solid thinking I think and then there's
more about red flag laws etc I don't
know too much about that so I won't talk
about it here's a question for you if
you're running for president and your
adult son has to hide is that a good
sign so Joe Biden's son hunter he
literally can't be found at least by the
press you know I don't think he's a
missing person he just he's hiding does
that say anything good about your
campaign because if your son has to hide
and it's the only way you could get
elected that's a little red flag right
there somebody I haven't seen anybody
asked that question specifically but I'm
pretty sure what President Trump ran for
office none of his children had to hide
none of the Trump children had to hide
no I'm just saying compare so President
Trump announced yesterday that they have
some kind of a preliminary at least
verbal trade deal with China for what he
calls phase one so I don't know all the
tenants but it includes some kind of
agreement by China that if an American
company opens up shop in China there
they will not be forced to have a
Chinese partner because it's the Chinese
partnership that gets all the IP stolen
that's one of the big ways that happens
now trying to agree to that why do you
think trying to agree to that
why would trying to give that away you
know why would try to say okay we'll
drop one of our key requirements that
our Chinese company is a partner with
you if they wanted to steal intellectual
privacy or intellectual property do they
need to have a Chinese company involved
yeah somebody says they'd steal it
anyway it makes me wonder if they don't
know that once a company is physically
in China that is easy to monitor as
their electronic communication right now
I know you can do VPNs and stuff but
wouldn't you assume that the Chinese
government has the capability to steal
all of the intellectual property from
any company that moves into their
territory do they need to partner with
them and have somebody as an insider
steal it I think China may have agreed
to this this clause because they can
steal it other ways they may have given
them nothing we don't know but maybe
they may have given up nothing all right
how about this other one Chinese agreed
to buy you know I don't know 40 or 50
billion dollars more of foreign products
now why would China give up something
that big answer they didn't give up
anything as if my interpretation is
correct all they did to say all right
we'll buy less stuff from I don't know
Vietnam and we'll buy more stuff from
America so what does it cost China to
buy our stuff instead of somebody else's
stuff probably nothing probably all they
did is change who they bought it from
they just bought it from us instead of
buying it from somewhere else so is
China
giving up anything by saying they'll buy
more from us probably not they're
probably just getting the same price in
the same product but they're buying it
from us instead so it looks like China
has given up
two things but as far as I can tell
China has given up nothing now we might
want these two things but it looks like
China found a way to give us something
without giving up anything which is kind
of clever so what they gave up was
business with another country which
hurts the other country doesn't her
china and they gave up partnering with
American companies which they probably
don't need to steal our IP they can just
do it the old-fashioned way
monitor all the digital communications
but I was wondering also why this what
seems like you should have been a major
announcement and in fact seems to have
moved the markets the stock market quite
a bit why is it that it's almost
invisible on the news the news is
treating it even the left and the right
almost like nothing is happening
the stock market is zooming you know
went up one or two percent or whatever
yesterday pretty big move for one day
and the news is treating it like nothing
happened
why is that well it could be because
nothing's happening because one theory
is there's no deal that's going to
happen there's just you know talk and
maybe they'll agree with some minor
things like these two things that were
announced but you didn't hear anything
about fentanyl right so if you don't
hear anything about fentanyl I don't
suppose I'm very confident that there's
going to be a deal after all so I would
say China loser alright I may have at
least one more thing to talk about no I
don't I will just remind you that my
book loser thing is available wherever
you buy books and if you preorder it
it's available in a few weeks if you
preorder it it's good for me so if you
are thinking of buying it at all please
pre-order because that's good for me it
gets it closer to the bestseller list
which is the important thing so thank
you for for those of you who pre-ordered
yes of we a be tested different colors
and
this was the if you can see well this is
the color that everybody seemed to like
not everybody but most people seems like
that's what we went for all right oh
yeah an update on Terra power still
looking to make contact personally I've
had some digital communications but
we'll talk with some more people at
Terra power and maybe if I have any luck
I'll get somebody on the periscope but
we're trying to figure out what is
stopping Terra power from getting a site
developed in the United States you know
if there is something that's stopping
them and has anything to do with the
government or regulations or any of that
or even persuasion
I've offered to help and I'm gonna
deputize all of you if we find a
specific target of our persuasion maybe
we can help save the world save the
world or at least make it less expensive
to live in the world people are I see
people asking you to talk about Steve
Kerr I have mixed feelings about Steve
Kerr and they go like this if your job
is to be the leader of a team of mostly
african-american athletes you have to
act like that leader you're not the
leader of the country you're not the
leader of China
you're not the you're not the Secretary
of State Steve Kerr is a leader among
mostly African American athletes he acts
like a leader of African American
athletes in the sense that he is
adopting a political view which would be
very compatible with theirs which is are
concerned about racism in this country
they're concerned about President Trump
in some cases but not all and he
represents that view and his team very
well now if he were not a coach of a
team I would say hey Steve Kerr maybe we
should talk you into being a little more
unbiased maybe a you know
maybe we should talk about your point of
view but I'm having trouble faulting him
I know that's not what you want to hear
because you want to dump on Steve Kerr
right I'm having trouble faulting him
because his job is the coach and leader
of a specific group of people with
probably on average a fairly compatible
point of view with what he says in
public he's doing his job when
somebody's doing their job I don't I
don't regard them the same as if they're
giving their unfiltered personal opinion
it might be his personal opinion could
be exactly his personal opinion but he's
also doing his job secondly I don't
fault companies who already have a large
presence in a working relationship with
China I do judge differently people who
would make the decision today if you're
just starting to make a decision about
working in China you know maybe you
should rethink that but if you're
already there like the NBA lots of money
on the line you're allowed to act like a
company you know you you might want to
do the best you can to stay out of
politics but you are allowed to pursue
profits and you are allowed to do what's
good for stockholders whenever
stockholders are involved so I don't
judge harshly people who are doing their
job the way the job should be done and I
think Steve Kerr's kind of aliens even
if you completely disagree with what he
says politically as a leader of that
group of people a person who needs to
have their respect in all ways I think
he's nailing it I hate to say that
now do I agree with what he says about
the president now not even close but I'm
not a coach of an NBA team if you made
me the coach of an NBA team and I care
about politics but I also care about
being a proper leader to the people I'm
leading I'm gonna express the point of
view that's compatible with my team
before I express a point of view that's
compare
with you that's the priority that I
would take he is taking that priority
I'm not going to criticize that even at
the same time I have deep disagreements
with what he says about some things in
politics he's doing his job I respect
that and I don't think you're gonna talk
together that all right that's all I got
for now I will talk to you later