good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization and aren't you glad you're
here wow imagine if you were born in
some primitive time and every day was
just like the day before but no we wake
up and there's all kinds of new
inventions and wars and God knows what
but if you'd like to take this
experience which is already amazing up
to the levels that nobody could even
imagine with their
big old brains then all you need is a
cuper mug or glass a tanker Chels or
Stein a canteen jug or flask a Vel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the DOP mean HD
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip
go you know when I hear that people are
having bad days are they're unhappy or
sad first thing I think is but have you
even done the simultaneous sip or are
you even
trying but for those of you who have
enjoyed it you know that it feeds your
soul goose is your oxytocin makes you
feel the togetherhood that's right the
togetherhood of
colonizers uh that's what we don't call
ourselves but it'd be funny if we did
let's talk about Mike Johnson the the
speaker now I would like to do a public
demonstration for those of you who might
be new to the live stream you've never
seen it before I always claim I have the
smartest um audience ever and just watch
this give me the answer before I give me
the question
go give me the give there you go give me
the answer before very good very good
the answer is
25 now have you ever seen anybody else
do
that so Ras rasmuson poll asked about
the favorability of the new speaker Mike
Johnson and 25% of a very favorable
opinion
25% very favorable opinion now look at
that now you saw this right if you're
new I hadn't even asked the question and
my aians knew the answer they're they're
like 25% I haven't even heard the
question and they were right now can
your can your pundits do that what
whatever the hell garbage you're
watching for the rest of the day can
Steven Crowder do that no no he might
get some Scoops he might be very
entertaining but can he do that
no well I love my Thomas Massie stories
I feel like every day he's doing
something that's a little bit different
from what everybody else is doing and I
I can't stop looking
away it's always like a some kind of a
planned traffic accident plus a magic
trick kind of wrapped together like
everything he does is more interesting
than what anybody else is doing but I
was unaware of this but it turns out
there's some kind of legislation that
would demand a kill switch on your
automobile if it's sold after
2026 did you all know that's even a
thing that the government wants to be
able to turn your car off while you're
driving now on one hand I tell myself
that might be a useful way to combat
crime I mean it seems like it'd be an
amazing way to combat crime imagine all
these high high chase you know High uh
High uh whatever it is imagine if you
knew well here's another one imagine if
you had a
suspect that you thought had you know
done some terrible crime and you didn't
know where that person was but you knew
what automobile they were associated
with just turn it off so you can
certainly see why law enforcement would
want that
ability but do citizens want the
government to be able to turn their car
off you know that the the freedom
question runs pretty deep you know I do
like law enforcement being able to do
their job on the other hand I don't
really want anybody to turn my car off
when I'm running for the go running from
the government that's right I said it
when I'm running from the government I
don't want the government to be able to
stop
me so it it's sort of similar to them
trying to take your guns
away cuz your car might be the only way
you can escape from the government
government
itself so Thomas Massie wants to put a
kill switch on the kill switch so he
wants some legislation to stop the kill
switch I'm not even sure I quite have an
opinion on that but I like that he's
fighting for a principal I I always even
when I disagree with him which doesn't
happen too often uh I just like that
Massie is the principal guy if if all it
does is remind you that there is a
principal involved you you can vote
against it you decide well I still
rather have this practical benefit that
wouldn't be
crazy but don't you love the fact that
there's at least one elected official
who who reminds you aggressively what
the principal was super super good
service all right let's talk about the
Biden crime family stuff so Jonathan CH
of course is the best voice on this so I
would uh recommend you to his writing
just Google Google his latest pieces or
follow him on the xplatform but he does
the best job of explaining all this
Biden alleged Biden crime family stuff
so here's what we
know or we're pretty sure so now the the
Republicans the oversight committee
they've they've got enough bank records
and they've pieced together enough of
the shell companies Etc so they can say
let's say in allegation form something
pretty
clearly it appears that the Biden family
was treating things as
loans that were not
loans now apparently the bidens had the
opportunity to prove that there were
loan documents or convers or I suppose
it could have been a verbal agreement
was there any any backup to say that
these funds that are transferred back
and forth that just have the word loan
written on the on the check are they
actual loans or is it income there
somebody's calling a loan repayment
because why would you call a why would
you call a loan
repayment uh why would you call income a
loan repayment that's how you cheat on
taxes not only is it a way to cheat on
taxes it's among the most famous ways to
cheat on taxes in other words if you
were like an expert in the IRS and
somebody said could you make a a list of
all the the most common ways that
somebody cheats on their taxes at the
high end you know not the low end but at
the high end what's the what's the main
way they do that this would probably be
in the top three it's one of the most
obvious classic ways to cheat on your
taxes call something a loan when it
isn't because typically nobody's going
to look into it the way it works is as
long as nobody looks into it how does
anybody know the difference you could
just say it was a person loan cuz the
IRS doesn't typically audit you unless
they have some some reason to think
there's a problem and if you simply said
it was a personal loan it's being repaid
the IRS doesn't get any trigger it's
just like that's normal business people
do it all the time now why would you
have a zero interest Loan in what
context would anybody give anybody a
zero interest
loan what well I can only think of
one it's so that it doesn't look like a
gift which is would also be have a tax
impact and it doesn't look like income
because CU even if it's a loan the
interest part would be
income so if you claim something's a
loan that's already a huge red flag
right oh personal loan that could be the
way people hide money that's income but
if on top of that it's a zero interest
loan that's two red flags right there
right now in your wildest imagination
could you imagine there would be this
much this much information that suggest
that uh there was massive massive
cheating on the taxes I mean we're
talking about hundreds of thousands of
dollars in the most Brute Force obvious
cheating way that you could ever
do but it doesn't mean they're
right I I will maintain the innocent to
proven guilty standard no matter who I'm
talking about or I'll try to I mean you
could call me out if I if I slip up but
the bidens are innocent to proven guilty
however could you imagine that Trump
claimed a bunch of money flowing were
loans and then when asked to Pro provide
any documentation that there were loans
refused to do so or could not do so
under that scenario can you even imagine
not being
indicted there's no human being who
would not be indicted in that
situation and it would also be the
biggest story in the
world if that were Trump biggest story
in the world um go open any of your
major media
Publications and look for that big story
about how it's largely been not quite
proven but serious serious you know
amount of data that would suggest major
major theft in the in the terms of uh
not paying
taxes that's where we are I mean the
fact that we could just calmly talk
about the fact that the government is
very clearly
corrupt very clearly at the top just
completely corrupt and that there must
be levels below it that are equally
corrupt or or else it would already be
taken care of the level of corruption
here is almost stunning it goes from the
media through the Department of
Justice the courts the
prosecutors it's all the way down it's
corrupt from top to bottom
obviously now again I'm not saying that
the bidens are guilty of a
crime I don't know I just know that
there's no other human being who
wouldn't already be in
indicted I mean remember you can indict
a ham sandwich all you have to do is
have an argument that looks to an
ordinary person like yeah I'm not saying
for sure but that's definitely enough to
look into it that's what an indictment
is an indictment is just oh there's
plenty there to look into no indictment
is that because he's
president the family family members are
not president where where are the
indictments for the family members
they're all part of the scheme
so yeah we watch this obvious obvious
obvious corruption at the highest level
and today there will be no action about
it nothing will happen today Biden will
just serve on his days now uh I remind
you that David Axelrod has
already basically pulled the chair out
from uh President Biden I don't believe
there's any scenario axar Rod said he
should think about his age and you know
consider whether he's really the right
person for the country at this point and
he's talking specifically about his age
that's Axel Rod the the probably the I'd
say the prime political consultant for
the Democrats and has been for
years when when Axel Rod pulls the chair
out that's the signal to all the other
Democrats that they pull the chair out
too so what you should see is this
Cascade that happens really soon in the
news coverage and maybe some prior
allies who say stuff like well it's
really up to Joe but you know Axel Rod
is right he should you know maybe maybe
give it a second thought and you know
this would be the time Axel rod says it
in the most polite ways but he's very
direct at the same time yeah yeah maybe
this would be the time to think about it
this would be the time Joe you should
think about it now
yeah you can't get any more obvious than
that um and I would think that some of
Axel Rod's concern is because he can see
that the the crimes are too
obvious imagine a an unrestricted Trump
who could say anything and was now
running neck and neck against Biden in
the context of the Biden crimes being
now kind of
obvious obvious if they can't defend it
with paperwork that shows they were
actual
loans and they've refused to do that so
far it would be
crushing you know it's looking like
Trump might be lined up for the biggest
victory of all time I just saw a post on
X from uh a user Eli
Klein I I see him all the time I don't
know what his importance is I couldn't
tell from his profile but he has some
prominence in social media at least
and he said that uhe election day is
today and he's going to vote all
Republican and he's a lifelong
Democrat uh and in his case it's because
of um the Gaza
situation and uh not not doing enough to
protect Jews in America and Israel I
guess so do you think you'll see more of
that I mean that's
anecdotal it's anecdotal
I don't know we'll
see
um and let me let me ask you this what
was the most offensive thing that
anybody said when Trump started uh
getting his first you know lawfare legal
problems in the last year or
so a lot of people said and they got
some push back from it that he might
become more popular with black voters
now now that's pretty racist isn't it
like that's super racist would you
agree yeah it's super
racist but what else has he done that
would cause his standing with black
voters to
improve does he have a new policy that I
don't know
about you know I
think I think he's pacing and leading
accident l a a segment of the population
who feels that the justice system is
biased against
them so if you were if you were trying
to court a segment of the population
that thinks the the justice system is
biased against them and then you show
the world that the justice system is
biased against you in in very clear
terms are you telling me that doesn't
give you a little bit of boy you and I
have something in common and something
big actually because people are more
influenced by action than
identity right if there's no action then
you default to Identity but you let me
let me put it in Star terms if you went
through a war and you know you were
fighting next to somebody of a different
ethnicity and you know you survived the
war you're going to come out of that
like bonded like hell to the person that
you were fighting with that's your bond
Bond because it was activity that bonded
you Trump is doing a
thing that is an activity you know being
destroyed by the justice system that
probably there are a lot of people who
say that's something like that has
happened to me or somebody I
know that would be their
opinion so can you think of any other
reason that Trump would be improving in
the polls compared to Biden now it could
be that Biden shows a physical weakness
that just everybody
sees but I don't think it's based on his
policies is any of the change in polling
based on anybody's policies or are black
Americans maybe um having the same
reaction a lot of us are to the open
border are black Americans looking at
the open border and the two Wars and
saying okay there's three things we
don't need I I guarantee
you uh that money you're spending on the
war would would be better spent on us we
all think that and the money that you're
uh and the people pouring against across
the border or
competition I would I think some would
say by the way somebody asked me this
question uh what would Trump do if he
gets elected and there are these X
millions of people who reported across
the border during the Biden
Administration especially from all kinds
of different countries and they haven't
been here long with would uh Trump ship
them all
back well he might say
so as you know a political campaign
situation but our country could easily
absorb that many you get that right we
don't have so many illegal immigrants
that we can't absorb them it will just
take way longer and be way more
expensive than we hoped it would be
right but we are getting people this is
one thing that America uh receives which
is a lot of people are really really
wanting to be
Americans and they going to try hard to
make it work in this country and want to
work hard Etc now are there also
terrorists who got through probably I
mean it's hard to imagine that they
didn't but probably if you're a
terrorist you're the most motivated of
all immigrants you know you've got some
resources and stuff behind you so
probably you could get in under every
condition
I don't I don't really understand
how how does our um how does border
security work if you arrived on a boat
and then you just took a dinghy and you
know took your boat to the shore
anywhere in
America who who checks you if you come
in on a on a little
boat you know there might be a bigger
boat offshore but who's checking so I
always think to myself well a terrorist
could get into the country like a a
hundred different ways so I'm not sure
that that would be any different under
Trump honestly you maybe maybe the the
lowquality terrorists can get through
maybe a little easier or something but I
don't know a motivated terrorist with
backing from a nation state how hard
would it
be
um so here's what I think I think Trump
would not send them
back I think in reality it would be like
the first first time he got elected he
said he was going to send back 14
million people I think it's the same
thing you know if you have the choice of
actually rounding up millions of people
and sending them back
home I don't think it's going to happen
now I could imagine that some subset are
rounded up as in ones that came from
countries that are on a watch list that
could happen and that might be you know
that could be like I don't know I'll
just throw out a number for a
conversation that could be 20,000
people couldn't it yeah people who came
from you know Terror centers of the
world so I don't think he's going to
send everybody back that would be my
guess um but but America can absorb that
money we're we it's not even clear that
we're worse off in the long run as long
as we stop it the problem would be
continuing at the same rate and not stop
stoping it that would be a death
sentence for the country no way around
it but you know it's it's more of a
directional and a rate thing than it
is about the number of people now I'd
like to float an idea that's been
floated
before uh this is this is not my
original
idea uh this is for Lee who emailed me
and said hey remember to bring up this
idea and the idea idea would be to pay
off the national
debt or $33
trillion with um essentially selling um
citizenship mortgages you know
essentially letting people buy their way
into America for a million dollars a
pce and you you let in as many millions
as you need for 10 years and you would
pay off the national debt now that
assumes it doesn't grow so it's not a
perfect solution right because it is
growing now you would still have to be
vetted so the key part of this argument
is you don't just get to pay money and
come in all right so you can't be a
cartel member and just put down a
million dollars in Comm in you still
have to be vetted for having a job that
contributes to the United States or just
assets you know if you said hey I don't
have a job I'm retired but I'm going to
bring you $40 million in assets that
they made from another country okay come
on over bring your 40 million to our
banks um so here's the
question would enough people pay a
million dollars a year because you
remember you're only getting the the
highest quality
immigrants and they could bring their
families let's let's say they you
there's some deal where uh if one person
pays a million they can bring their
nuclear family but not more maybe
parents um something like that now you
would end up with the highest quality
immigrants in the history of the United
States and you would end up with the you
know best trained highest quality
immigrants at exactly the time we need
it you know the time when it's really
really critical I've always thought that
uh America's biggest
superpower is well those of you saying a
dumb idea you have to give a
reason right I'm not saying it's a good
idea but I'm not aware of any reason
it's a bad
idea oh we're talking about Millions
we're talking about letting in millions
per
year several million per year but
several million of the highest
quality um industrious people would just
be a plus I mean we'd get the million
dollars right
away
um but we'd also get the talent right
away and you'd have almost no crime from
that group it'd be practically a zero
crime
population all right so I'll just put
that out there and it's not that I think
it's a great idea it's that I don't see
anything wrong with it you know if you
tried it and it only worked a little bit
you know very few people could pay the
million dollars well at least you got a
little a little bit right it didn't hurt
anything so it's in the category of
things which you could say could you
trial it small and the answer is yes you
could do a small pilot where you say all
right for six months if you got a
million dollars you can come in um and
we'll even loan you the million or
something like that
basically or let's say this you would
take you would take on a million dollars
of debt from the national debt you would
just adopt the debt so somehow so the
financial part could be tweaked but the
idea is that you'd buy your way
in it's worth a try it's worth a
trial
um so Trump um is having no luck in his
current trial with judge
angaran judge Arthur
andaran now is it just me or does he
sound like a character from The Hobbit
he does doeses
he but but he looks like a character
from Harry Potter he looks like or Dolby
the uh yeah Doby the house
elf am I the only one who sees Dolby the
house elf when I see the
judge anyway he seems like a fictional
character but uh Trump was complaining
because he wanted to read to the court a
piece of paper that he had with him that
was a copy of some document that said um
it was a disclaimer about their
financial situation and the disclaimer
said you cannot count you cannot rely on
our estimates of value basically I'm you
I'm
summarizing and Trump imagines I guess
that that would absolve him of any bad
estimates now I'm no
lawyer but uh I would propose that it
would not absolve him of any charges
I'll just use my Common Sense lawyer
ability um I would think that
the the uh Clause the disclaimer about
the values that they say would be for
honest
mistakes or maybe differences of
opinion I don't think it's for
lying am I wrong so the charge is that
he knowingly lied about the value
specifically like the number of square
footage or something now that wouldn't
that wouldn't be helped with a
disclaimer would
it unless the disclaimer said we can
also lie to you it's still fraud isn't
it because there's a big big difference
between being Incorrect and lying th
those are not the same so is there
anybody here who's
a u lawyer I mostly
disagree no reli I don't know what
you're which you're disagreeing
to so the lawyers are watching can you
confirm that I'm right that the
disclaimer does not protect him
completely true or false the the
disclaimer does not protect him from
lying okay I'm getting lots of
confirmations that that's
true yeah but here's the dog not
barking who is The Entity can you
describe the entity that took his word
for the value of his property I really
want to see the face of the guy who did
that I mean actually a photograph of an
actual human being here's the picture of
the guy who decided not to check even
though checking is the main part of his
job if you're if you're a lan officer
the main part of your job is to make
sure that that collateral or the
property is worth what the C customer
says now you're telling me that somebody
made some gigantic multi-million dollar
loan and because Donald Trump the most
famous exaggerator in the
world may I say the most famous
exaggerator in the world even before he
was president the most famous fabulous
ever showman salesman exaggerator you
know he's he's the art of the deal he's
going to come out you with every every
 that he has
legally now you tell me that there's a a
high-end
Banker in that scenario who decided not
to check having a third part person you
know you can hire people to go do an
assessment under those conditions
there's a real life human being who
consciously decided not to check do you
believe that's true
and it's the most important fact of the
case and I've never heard it reported
why is the most important fact not
reported has anybody heard any
explanation of who this person is
because usually there's one loan officer
but for the big loans they also need to
get signed off usually by their boss or
even their boss's boss depending on the
size of the loan now the boss and the
boss's boss if they're you know approv
in the loan officer's loan do you know
how they approve
it do they do it like
this here you go is that how they do it
in a bank I've worked in a bank I was a
loan officer it was my job to check on
the value of the assets I'm not making
it up I did that job I made loans to
businesses and they would claim their
assets were worth a certain thing and we
would check
you know and my boss would look at it
and he'd ask the basic
questions you know what what is the
collateral did you look at the tax
returns and he's got plenty of money to
pay it back Basics you know just cursory
Basics but the one you wouldn't leave
out is is the value of the collateral
enough to pay back the loan you don't
leave that out right that's a
conversation that the loan officer has
with their boss is the collateral
sufficient how do you
know basic
questions and and just just feel your
brain exploding that after all this news
coverage nobody nobody could show you
the name of the person who completely
abandoned their job responsibilities and
took Trump's word for it who the hell
was
that like now you know that there's
something either corrupt about the media
or the or the trial or
both cuz it's the most basic question
the most central question is why'd you
take his word for
it or whose word did they take you know
maybe it wasn't Trump's word it might
have been something on an accounting
statement why' they take the word for
it all right we'll never know
maybe uh Biden's poll numbers are
terrible and some people say it's
because of the
his support for
Israel why why would that not affect
Trump's um poll numbers the same way
just because he's not the one in office
are we to believe that Trump is not
supporting
Israel of course he
is so so why would only one of their one
of their poll numbers go down don't they
have basically exactly the same position
on Israel have I missed miss
something how how can the news
report that two people with the same
opinion you know one loses support and
the other one doesn't the only thing I
can think of is that Trump's support
among Palestinian supporters was already
so low that nothing would make it
lower but Biden's you know still had
some a little bit of fluff in it so they
took the fluff out of it maybe something
like that but it's kind of a mystery
well um RFK Jr is saying that the reason
that uh people don't feel the Biden
nomics economy is doing well uh but yet
the statistics would suggest say the
Democrats that the economy is doing well
in a number of important
places and RFK Jr suggests that the
reason for that is the government uh
economic data is manipulated and it's
all fake so the government government is
telling you things are better than they
are but the people can feel it in their
lives that it's not better and that's
where the disconnect is so it comes as a
great surprise to find out that somebody
who would you know probably know the the
truth of this says that the government's
lying to you about the most basic thing
about the country which is its economic
health so is there anything the
government is doing
that's not corrupt
I feel like everything they're doing is
corrupt all the time and right in front
of you like they don't hide it anymore
this is so overtly corrupt a behavior I
don't know is it did we just get smarter
about what corruption looks like is it
just that we're catching it lately and
we didn't used to catch it I mean maybe
maybe maybe it's exactly like it always
was we're just more aware we're
definitely getting red pilled
collectively as a as a population
um and of course now there's a bombshell
report on the censorship industrial
complex as they call it that would be
the conceptually that would be anytime
your government works with uh outside
entities non- government entities like
corporations or nonprofits and it works
with them to censor so the government
would tell an entity to talk to one of
the social media platforms and then the
social media platforms thinks they're
talking to some independent entity that
just has an interest in
misinformation and the platforms are
like oh well this is kind of helpful
actually oh thank you for telling us
this is misinformation we will in many
cases do what you want and some cases
not but that would be a tricky way to
have government censorship without the
government being the the finger on the
button they just basically work with
somebody else to be their finger so uh
now representative Jordan uh is telling
us about this there was this group
involved at Stanford they worked with a
government group and the government
group would tell the Stanford group that
allegedly operated
independently what they wanted censored
the Stanford group would tell the social
media platforms and successfully get
stuff
censored and there's actually a list of
which accounts they specifically
targeted for
censorship Molly Hemingway is
one now are all of you familiar with
Molly Hemingway's
writings I can't even think of a single
thing she's ever been accused of that
turned out to be wrong like all writers
get stuff wrong but there's no notable
case of that right I've been reading her
for I don't know how how many years I've
never seen her get ahead of the facts
have you have you ever seen her once get
ahead of the facts I've never seen it
once she's one of the one of the best
writers working
today and she was on a list of people to
be suppressed by your
government do you think that was because
of
misinformation or do you think that was
because she was
effective uh I've often said she's one
of the most effective political voices
I've ever seen because she's so good at
it I mean it's just high quality
Communications so uh now Jack pabic was
on the list Charlie Kirk was on the list
I do I think there's a place you can go
to see if you're on the list I don't
know if I'm on the
list don't you think I should have been
on that list Dave Ruben was on the list
are you thinking of the same
list can one do James o'keef was on the
list right um can anybody check to see
if I'm on the list if there's like a
deeper
list and the question I would ask is if
I'm not on the list why not why why
would I not be on that list what about
cerovich was cernovich on the
list are you telling me that both
cernovich and I were not on the list of
suppression does that sound
true I'm not aware of anything I was
trying to uh promote that uh was
non-factual I've definitely tweeted
things that turned out to be wrong as as
all of us
have yeah I was certainly Shadow ban I
mean that's
clear anyway I wonder how they get their
list let's talk about the Nashville
Shooters Manifesto so Steven
Crowder tells us that he has
a a scoop he got some photos of the
so-called Nashville Shooters Manifesto
which was a bunch of high school looking
scribblings and notebooks and
allegedly um the part we saw would
suggest that the shooter was super
racist against white people called them
crackers and
and spoiled and stuff and was going to
go shoot those
crackers what was the ethnicity of the
shooter I thought the shooter was
white so it's a white shooter who hated
white
people how how do you get a white
shooter who hates white people enough to
want to shoot
them well that happens from the media
yeah do you think the media will report
that they they uh created a mass
shooter no they will not report that but
that's what happened so it's a
combination of the media the school
system the Dei the CRT the ESG The
Continuous oppressor oppressed
narrative um but was that what um
radicalized this person to go kill
people
probably probably I mean there's no way
to know it's too complicated to know but
probably yeah I don't believe that you
would have this kind of shooter in a
world where the Melting Pot was the
primary message from uh the main
political
parties if one party said there's one
group of bad people in the country and
one group of oppressed people you would
expect the oppressed people to have a
few members who want to do some violence
against the oppressors I would say
that's closer to a guarantee than
something to worry about it's guaranteed
I mean you should worry about it too but
it's it's guaranteed if you waigh long
enough there's no way it doesn't
happen it's built right into the design
now let us talk about whether the
manifesto is real or not there are two
indications it's not real and one strong
indication it is real so it looks like
it's real that that's you know my
current opinion but the first two pieces
of information I knew about it suggested
it wasn't so I'll use this as a little
lesson on how to identify fake news the
first thing I saw was that the uh the
alleged Manifesto seemed too on the noes
meaning isn't that like perfectly
fitting the
headlines and and the reason it was
suppressed is because it would make the
entire Democratic party look like
terrorists right
and that's exactly
exactly exactly what Republicans thought
was in the hidden
document that's two on the nose
generally something that on the nose is
a real strong indication of a
hoax but there's more uh it was
confirmed to be true by a local news
channel but they had an anonymous
source anonymous source is all almost
always a signal of fake news doesn't
have to be but almost always so now you
have two really strong signals that it's
fake
news but then the officials you know the
law enforcement in charge did not deny
its uh its reality instead they said
they would look to find who released it
they're not confirming it's real but
they're going to investigate who who
released the thing that they're not not
confirming is real that's pretty much a
confirmation now the only way that this
could still be
fake would be this that the people who
confirmed it or we think they confirmed
it by not denying it simply had never
seen it because if this document was so
sensitive that law enforcement didn't
want the public to see it they would
also make sure that not everybody in law
enforcement saw
it that would be pretty basic right You'
make sure that just the absolutely
needed to know people saw it so do you
think that one of those absolutely
needed to know people is the ones that
said uh that didn't deny it or could it
be somebody else who's just a
spokesperson who never saw it and they
actually don't even know if it's real so
they're not denying it but they're still
looking to see who did
it that could happen so I'm going to say
there's still a nonzero chance is fake
but you know really small chance at this
point if I had to put money on it I'd
put money on it that is real would you
how how's that
assessment is that a good
assessment are you on the same
page well probably real you know well
over
90% so but here but here's another
question for
you if you were if you were the source
of this material and you knew its value
to the
news would you go to Steven Crowder
first I would go to step Crowder if it
were a
hoax I would go to him first do you know
why because stepen Crowder has a big
platform on the right and a lot of
people watch his stuff if you wanted to
take him out in a um Alex Jones way you
you know to just get him thrown off of
all
media one way to do it would be to
create a hoax in which he got way over
his skis on something that turned out to
be like a famous fake from that day on
he would get the breit bar achievements
do you know what the Breitbart treatment
is it goes like this hey I saw a story
in Breitbart can you respond to that
Democrat where did you see it Breitbart
oh
no but seriously nobody's even doubting
the story you know they they have the
documents you know breit Bart has the
actual document so there's no question
about the story being real and it's been
confirmed to be real I just have a
question what you think about
breitbart's
reporting R
rar
right now imagine imagine this was an
OP imagine it was an op and they said
how are we going to take out Steven
Crowder let's let's make his biggest win
ever Heraldo safe El Capone safe because
every day from El Capone safe Heraldo
was laughed at no matter what his newest
thing was no matter what his topic was
you know 30 years later they'd say well
it looks like another haraldo El Capone
save don't take him
seriously it would be easy for me to
imagine this is an op and in a few weeks
we're going to be saying to
ourselves Crowder is he the guy that got
that Manifesto
wrong we can ignore everything he says
and kick him off all the
platforms so
I'm still going to put my money on its
real so my money is on crowder for being
right I'm going to bet he's right and
I'm sure he has a show today is it right
now or after
mine it's right after mine right is it
now you know I give you permission to go
watch your
show uh you know normally I just want to
compete with him hard but if this is a
real
scoop he he gets the
credit right so he gets the attention he
gets the credit if it's a real scoop and
I'm going to bet it
is all right so good for him
um all right there was a story uh in the
horror some uh terrorist in
Indiana uh wanted to kill a bunch of
Jews so she drove her car into a
building that she thought were full of
Jewish people but she was not too well
informed on the Jewish community and it
turns out she drove it into a a building
which the ADL can considers anti-semites
now they have something Jewish in their
name but they're uh I think it's the
there's a group of black Israelites yeah
I guess that's what they call themselves
so they're considered by the rest of the
Jewish world as anti-semitic because
they don't they don't believe the
background in history that is the uh the
common
one so they're actually uh
anti-semitic so the terrorist attack
some people like
herself so there's that all right here's
what I want to tell you about uh the dog
not
barking uh I wrote a long thread on this
I'll just read it because I put a lot of
time into getting it just
right all right so I know the Israel the
Israeli narrative about Hamas and you
all know that too right so Israel's
narrative is it Hamas or Terrace and
that no matter what they want to destroy
Israel is there anybody who doesn't know
that we all know that right that's
common knowledge all
right the Hamas uh narrative and maybe
Hamas SLP Palestinian is that uh Israel
was oppressing Gaza for years
uh even though Israel wasn't there so
Israel was not in charge of Gaza they
had pulled out completely but the
narrative is that Israel was still
oppressing Gaza for years and and really
really oppressing them now the Word
occupation it applies to the larger area
right so so I'm not talking about
occupation I'm talking about oppression
in
Gaza so that's that's their narrative
would you agree that's the
narrative that one side says Hamas is
terrorists the other side says you keep
oppressing us in Gaza specifically in
Gaza but you know the rest of the
territories as
well all right now I want to be clear
I'm not saying that the alleged
oppression of Gaza does exist or does
not
exist here's my point what was it what
was
it think about uh how many protesters
you've seen with signs think about how
many interviews you've seen think about
how many pro Palestinian people you've
heard representative Talib for example
think about all the talking and
communicating about all that uh Israeli
oppression of Gaza Now give me an
example of the oppression now obviously
there's a war going on now so I'm not
that what what did they do exactly what
what was the oppressing
part was it the leaving them completely
alone to their own to their own devices
no hold on hold on there's there are
plenty of people who can't travel to
Israel just because they want to that's
called having a
border why would it be
oppressive that they can't leave their
border isn't that sort of a common
thing
so you're telling me that the oppression
is not letting a a community that had
too many terrorists in it travel without
restriction was that the
oppression here's my point you have no
idea what that oppression
was am I right is there anybody whose
head is exploding right now the entire
War
narrative was oppressors and oppressed I
can't think of a single example
that has been in the news that I would I
would deem something like that
oppression my understanding is that they
simply weren't
there how is it oppressive to be not
there and not want to deal with you in
fact the fact that they let the fact
that they let some I don't know
20,000 uh Gaza residents come into
Israel to work at all to me that seems
pretty open-minded I mean they probably
needed the labor
so does it remind you of
anything what are you reminded of when
you hear that um one group is calling
you an oppressor but they don't have any
argument for what that oppression is
what's a yeah there you go it's BLM do
you remember when BLM was new and uh and
I actually said you know what they keep
saying they have issues but it's not
clear what they are or or what solution
they would want for for so I actually
offered to help BLM put together a list
of specific complaints cuz if you get
specific then people can get creative
right one of them is you know police
were treating them poorly especially
black people so one specific solution
would be body cams for more police so
that nobody doesn't have one right so if
you get it down to the specific stuff
then you have potential for Solutions
but they resisted the the specific stuff
really hard do you know
why because specific problems can be
checked to see if they're true and they
can be solved and it became really clear
after a while the resistance to specific
complaints because there weren't any or
weren't any that would sell so instead
they would go directly to uh solutions
that make you think past the sale of all
the Badness and think all the way to
reparations and I'm thinking really like
what how is your how is your life so
different from mine that I owe you
money like make that case so BLM was
famously vague about what the problems
were because that would prevent a
solution and it allows you to say well
give me money and get money from Soros
to keep complaining ET so BLM was more
about the you know the industry of
complaint than it was about fixing
anything clearly I mean you could say
that with complete confidence from
today's perspective do you think the
Palestinians are looking for some kind
of solution to their
oppression absolutely
not absolutely not no the oppression
argument appears to be either absolute
 or somehow Israel has
controlled every part of the media to
the point where all these Palestinian
people talking on camera don't say or we
don't see what the real complaint
is stop any
American who is pro Palestinian you know
let's say the ones te tearing down the
signs from the the polls and say can you
give me examples of the
oppression I think they would say things
like
well um you know you're bombing Gaza you
know you Israel and then you say I know
before that like before this stuff
happened what what was all the
oppression well you know the Israel army
was occupying Gaza no not for years for
years they've been gone what what has
been the the
blockade somebody said
blockade is blockade on what are you
telling me that people can't ship goods
and and things to
Gaza there was nobody who could deliver
Goods to Gaza even before the
war well if that if that's an argument I
haven't heard it have
you no shipping by sea because they
couldn't check it because they were
getting
weapons all right so so they were trying
to prevent
weapons
is that does does the complaint come
down to we we didn't have unrestricted
shipping because obviously a lot of it
would be weapons that would be the
complaint that they can't get their
weapons in To Kill
Them All right so just keep in mind that
uh there's a huge part of the story that
for some reason we're not being told
would you
agree you see it too right you see that
half of the story is completely missing
just the way it was with BLM it's just
completely missing it's the most
important part of the story right the
war has our attention and the atrocities
have our attention but the most central
part of the
complaint is were they
oppressed in a way that doesn't make
sense you know the stopping shipping
doesn't sound like that was the big
problem and and suppose and suppose the
Gaza residents had simply complained to
the International Community hey if we
could just fix this shipping thing you
know if there's some way you can check
to make sure there are no guns or
something you we'll let the UN check how
about that how about the UN checks are
big containers and then you don't have
to worry about you know missiles coming
in did anybody suggest that I don't
think so do you know why I think nobody
suggested that because if the UN checked
the containers to make sure no missiles
came in then they wouldn't be able to
send in
missiles isn't that why they don't want
a solution to the problem the these seem
like easily solvable
problems there there's no
country that's not causing trouble with
neighbors that's having a problem
receiving
Goods if your country can't even receive
goods from other countries maybe it's
time to look at your Behavior
right if nobody will if it's not even
legal to send you you know anything in a
box you're doing something
wrong anyway um so we don't know what's
going on
there um somebody asked me about the
impact of all of looking at all the war
casualty imagery you know if we say that
porn can reprogram your brain and I'm
sure it can if you look at a bunch of
porn your brain changes right wouldn't
you agree what is happening to all of us
being uh exposed to massive amounts of
War
casualties do you think it's giving us
mental
illness absolutely yeah now when I say
mental illness I mean serious
mentalillness I mean the last few weeks
since October 7th I don't think I've had
a good
day has anybody had that experience I
haven't woken up and had a good day
since October
7th I'm seeing other people say
yes now I've had days where
uh where I I avoided the news a little
bit better than other days but you know
since I do this for a living I can't
avoid it entirely but I can really feel
the mental illness I mean it's it's
really obvious so it took three weeks
out of my life so far and Counting well
four weeks now so it's four weeks out of
my life and
Counting not not a single good day not
one and I and I can feel that the cause
is absolutely the Middle East because
the images from both sides are so
disturbing and and honestly I feel some
responsibility has anybody else felt
that I actually feel some personal
responsibility uh let me tell you why
because I'm a public
figure and public figures are expected
to weigh in and somehow their opinion
will change things but this is one in
which no opinion will change
anything my opinion of whether Israel
should go into Gaza won't have any
impact on whether Israel does want the
Gaza so this is one of those cases where
I feel more helpless than normal you
know normally if I'm talking about
politics and I say something that makes
sense it's like oh good point I have
some optimism that other people will see
it's a good point and then maybe maybe
that idea spreads a little bit makes
something better
but I don't think there's anything I can
do on this I don't think there's
anything I can do to help Palestinians
who are just innocent victims I don't
think there's anything I could do to
make Israel better
off it's a real helpless
feeling um anyway uh I do think that we
have PTSD from this and uh you should
know that all of the war imagery you
know all the you did this to us is very
bad that's all
propaganda if you have a good idea of
what happened and is about to happen
it's obvious what's going to happen in
Gaza there will be massive injuries and
death if you know the basics you you
need to not look at any more tweets you
know do not look at any more news
coverage if you know the basic idea I
would go to text only and I would not
read a paragraph if you know it's going
to describe a horror because it'll
almost always
does um so you should now that you know
the basics of what's going on you should
aggressively ignore the news
aggressively you should make it like a
main feature of your day to not see any
more news about this topic you know even
if it means not watching me now you
you've probably
noticed that I have uh aggressively
avoided description of the worst stuff
have you noticed that is it obvious to
you that I'm
avoiding the propaganda on both sides
yeah and I'm doing that for your mental
health and mine as well I don't want any
of that in my mind I have an idea what's
happening I Now understand the situation
and I have a view that's not going to
change no more imagery
please but what is just really sick
about this is and I can't think of any
uh time this has happened
before the Palestinians have always uh
branded themselves as victims would you
agree that is that a statement just
obviously true it is part of it's part
of their power if they can brand
themselves as victims then you know they
get more
assistance basic stuff now would you
also agree that Israel Brands itself as
a victim from the Holocaust through
October 7th and that that too has been a
successful strategy to get
support but have you ever seen a hot war
between two entities who both brand
themselves as victims all the time I
don't know of one but here's what
happened they're competing on victimhood
because that's their game so Israel is
trying to say you did worse things to
us and the Hamas and the Palestinian are
saying but you did worse things to
us normally in a
war you would expect both sides to say
what a good job they're doing so the
Ukrainian War the ukrainians say I know
it looks like we're losing but we're
totally winning oh we're taking out
those Russians we're killing so many
Russians you can't even believe how many
Russians we killed the Russians
meanwhile probably telling their
domestic people we're doing a great job
you can't even imagine how many
ukrainians we killed oh we killed so
many ukrainians those are two
cultures that have winning as their
dominant you know preferred theme so you
got two winners fighting each other
which makes complete sense like they
both think they can win so they're
fighting you know they're both trying to
be the alpha the
dominant but in the Gaza situation I've
never seen anything like it both sides
are trying to paint themselves as
victims and who can be the biggest
victim so it turns into uh look how it
what it turns into is that both sides
have turned into the marketing
department for the others
military Israel became the marketing
department for Hamas by saying look at
how many people they killed let me show
you the pictures let me give you details
they did such an effective job at
killing our people man are they good at
killing our people and so you better
support
us they're actually the marketing
department for the other Army
and Palestinians are like you're killing
all our people we have no hope you
surrounded us you've already killed
10,000 they'll claim literally the
marketing department for the IDF man
that IDF is
good have you ever seen this
before where the two armies are the
marketing department for the other
side the the absurdity of being part of
this is just breaking my
head I I understand Ukraine versus
Russia two dominant people trying to
dominate the other but two victims
fighting is just sick
 that's some really sick
 all
right there's a uh might be a a
breakthrough in fentel
treatment uh shout out to Mark
Cuban so here's here's one of the
reasons I like our billionaires there
are things which billionaires can do
that the government can't do right Elon
Musk can make a rocket that can get you
into space cuz the government couldn't
get it
done yeah Elon Musk can uh you know give
Freedom you know let's say information
freedom to remote places of the World by
building satellites all over the place
the government wasn't going to do
that um Elon Musk can help uh you know
help in the fight against climate change
if you know if you believe that's the
problem and uh he can invent a car
company that you know gets the whole
industry moving etc etc build a lot of
batteries government wasn't going to do
it right so the things that billionaires
can do for you that the government just
wasn't going to do one of the things
that the billionaires can do is they're
better at spotting what will work that's
sort of their expertise you know
especially the entrepreneurial
billionaires so your Mark Cubans You
Know Not only was involved in or is
involved in uh a company with a lower
prescription uh
costs what's that company called I'll
give them a shout out but I can't
remember it it's a new company where you
can get your some of the basic
prescriptions at lower
cost if anybody thinks of it I'll give
them a shout out for that is it cost
plus
drugs is that what it
is
somebody says good RX and somebody say
there must be two different companies
all right well my point is uh if you
don't like that there are billionaires
like Mark Cuban and you want them not to
exist anymore because you want Equity or
whatever Cost Plus
drugs is what people are saying I think
that's what it is um but apparently Mark
cubin has also invested in this um
technology which solves the problem of
getting methadone to feny addicts now
methadone is what you can take to help
you get off a fenal but one of the
problems is that the methadone itself is
has a street value of like
$500 so if you let people come in and
guess a methadone and leave the addicts
will come in guess a methadone and then
sell
it so it just doesn't work the only way
that they're allowed to take the
methadone is to go there in person and
to be observed um while it's
administered I think it's a needle but
I'm not
sure is a is methadone a needle or a
pill somebody says pills somebody says
liquid suppository all right well
whatever it is you have to do it I think
it's a I think you ingest it a pill or a
liquid but you have to do it in front of
people so they know you didn't take it
with you now the problem is that you
have to do like the the first six days
you have to go six days in a row and the
addicts generally can't pull that off uh
either because they have a job they
can't leave six days in a row or
something
else so it wasn't working as a solution
because the delivery mechanism was too
inefficient so I guess this new
technology uh will allow you to take
some several doses home and then there's
some kind of process where it films you
actually ingesting it so if you're not
filmed ingesting it you you're not going
to get any more I guess so will that
work well it seems to be working
already and this is something that do
you think the government was going to
fund
this do do you think that Mark huban
funded this because he think this is a
big money maker I doubt it I doubt you
would invest in this because because you
think this is your best investment for
the dollar clearly you know I can't read
his mind not reading his mind but to me
it seems obvious that this was for the
benefit of a group of people who
couldn't help themselves you know so
kind of the highest level of
citizenship is
this like the more people who have a
billion dollars and are looking for
really specific things where they can
make that difference like a big
lever like this this would be one of the
biggest levers anybody ever put on the
fenel problem if it works and it looks
promising uh this would be a huge just
huge benefit for Mark cubin and the
folks working on
it so I just want
to end this amazing live stream on that
potentially good news and uh you know
the the thing that's going to uh make
every everything work in the long run
and part of the reason I still have
optimism about the United States is
that we're really good at
inventing this would be an example of
the inventing the methodone stuff um you
see Elon Musk is inventing his way out
of you know climate change uh I would
argue that Elon musk's purchase of
Twitter was something the government
wouldn't do and couldn't do and only he
could and he he has allowed us to
maintain some semblance of free speech
that not could not have been possible
before huge huge huge benefits and I'm
just talking two
billionaires look look at what uh Bill
aiman's doing right now just hammering
uh his Elma moer Harvard for being
anti-semitic in his View and many other
people's view now he's not just
think how easy it would be for Bill aan
to just sit it out just ignore the whole
thing he's got his money doesn't need
any more
money but he's not he he waited in hard
and he's going to pay for it this is
going to be expensive Bill Amman is
definitely going to get blowback for
trying to make the world a better place
in his way but watching watching the
billionaires you know take on specific
problems like the Harvard that's pretty
specific and very important and I think
that's he's doing great work on that uh
you watch the uh what is it the Allin
podcast this David Sachs and some other
and jth and some some other billionaires
these are guys who don't need to do
anything for
you David saaks doesn't need to do
anything for you you didn't do anything
for
him but he wakes up every morning and
apparently puts his reputation on the
line on topics that he thinks need to be
better communicated or explored or
thought out better that is amazing
because and it's not just that he's just
one more voice it's that he's really
good at it right it's the really good at
it part that makes it
important uh look at uh I can't
pronounce his name what what is J's last
name can you put there so I can read it
I think I might be pronouncing his first
name wrong too I'm terrible at names but
anyway you know what I'm talking about
um uh he said out
loud
paa um he says out loud that Trump was
better than he he thought when Trump was
in office how how big a deal is
that really big really big deal right
because he put his neck out he didn't
need to he didn't do it I don't think he
did it for his personal gain did he like
what would he gain by that nothing so I
mean that that's Brave that's just pure
bravery and
Civic
contribution now some I saw in the
comments mentioning Mr Beast Mr Beast is
I guess maybe the the biggest
internet um you know Persuader
influencer of all time in terms of money
and I understood he just funded the
drilling of what 12 wells in
Africa is that true 100 Wells 100
Wells 100
Wells that means there are a 100
villages whose quality of life
just went up by
50% CU there's one guy with a lot of
money who decided he would just fix
that that's
amazing now I don't think all
billionaires are good but we you know we
have this we have this belief that they
have all this money and they're using it
for the consumption and it's not
fair I'll tell you this again I said it
before
if you have a billion dollars what
percentage of that billion dollars are
you going to spend on your own like
personal well-being and
entertainment not much of it what are
you going to do with the rest the rest
of it becomes power and then how you use
that power is the real
question so giving it away like that's
good for some just give it away and
others just use that power to identify
areas that they can fix and that's a
good thing for the
country all right my
colonizers and and everybody
else uh that is my live stream for today
probably the best thing you've seen
today no discussions of Horrors and uh I
will talk to you
um thanks for
joining