boom ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
oh hey everybody Joanne Duncan you're in
here quickly that means you're the most
nimble of all the Watchers of coffee
with Scott Adams now I know why you're
here and it probably has to do with the
simultaneous if followed by insightful
comments about today's news so join me
now grab your cup your mug your Stein
your class your container of delicious
liquids I like coffee and join me for
the simultaneous M now I know to some of
you I am appearing at the sideways I
don't know exactly what that's all about
I've seen myself appear sideways on some
devices but I'm broadcasting the usual
way in in normal way but a number of
people have been commenting on that I
don't know why I guess that's a new
thing
and I'm not sure it applies to every
device but some of you are seeing me
sideways
don't had to fix that so we got some
amusing stories today one is that GQ
magazine is running Serena Williams on
the cover and they made a little bit of
a graphic mistake so instead of saying
let's say men of the year they cross
down men and then in a big handwriting
they put woman so it's a picture of
Serena Williams and they crossed out men
and put woman you know making making a
point that it's not man of the year even
though it's GQ so they're they're
honoring women on this this particular
issue so far so good right how cool is
it that Serena Williams is so successful
so important that GQ departed from Man
of the Year
just said a woman of the year so far
excellent here's where they went wrong
the artist who apparently does the
graphics or did the I don't know if it's
a photographer has sort of a style where
they put things in quotes a lot so just
pursuing the artists style when they
crossed out man and put a woman the
artist did what the artist does in other
things as well
and put quotes around woman so now says
GQ woman of the year with a picture of
Serena with woman in quotes
how many editors did they have to go
through with nobody realizing that this
might be a problem now and and if you
don't read the backstory you would never
sit you would never suspect that the
reason there are quotes on it is because
that's what the artist always does in
every other context as well you just
wouldn't know that so this is another
example of what I call the failure of
imagination you'll hear a lot more about
this because it it is so important to
understanding the world and in the news
you see it all the time if you had seen
that cover without knowing the
background story that the artist always
puts quotes and stuff how would you ever
ever have imagined what the real story
behind that is in your wildest
imaginations would you have imagined the
real story that the artist always puts
quotes on it and still not a single
editor who looked at that thing and you
got to think that a cover a lot of
people see a cover before it goes out
and it would be easy to fix you know so
would you have ever imagined
the real story it's almost unimaginable
and I'm going to use that example and I
may even use that in my book because
it's a perfect example where people make
assumptions based on what they know
and and it's simply a problem of
imagination they simply can't imagine
there would be some other explanation
and in this case there obviously was
let's take the case of the president who
was accused of pulling out of the
cemetery trip in France now the News
reported that it was because it was
raining and and so people with limited
information said oh he doesn't want to
get his hair wet because that's the only
thing they could imagine if other
leaders are going to this rainy cemetery
event in France and the president was
scheduled to go but he doesn't go
because it's rainy people just complete
the dots to go oh he doesn't like to get
rained on his hair so he tweeted this
morning the president did he said by the
way and I like I like that he starts it
with by the way it was just I'm just
going to tosses him by the way when the
helicopter couldn't fly to the first
Cemetery in France because of almost
zero visibility I suggested driving
Secret Service said no too far from the
airport and big Paris is shut down
speech next day at American Cemetery and
pouring rain little reported fake news
so once you hear the real context you
realize that and I you know you always
have to be careful about what you
believe in what you don't I do believe
that the president asked why don't we
drive because that would be the
reasonable question right we can't fly
it's not that far but why don't we drive
so I think it's probably true that he
asked the question or suggested but it's
also true that the Secret Service makes
those decisions for him so if the
president chooses to do something
dangerous
The Secret Service overrules them they
have very broad authority when it comes
to his physical safety so they they can
actually pick him up and carry him
places he doesn't want to go
all right so it really is not the
president's decision how his security
works and that's why it should because
the president would make you know in
let's say imperfect decisions because
the president is another security expert
so I think the real issue is that you
don't want to drive an obvious
presidential motorcade too far because
if they're exposed in the countryside
for too far there's just too many things
you would have to defend against too
many directions too many miles it's hard
to defend now I know what other people
are gonna say well those other leaders
those other leaders made it why why
couldn't he can you really not imagine
why Trump can't do it but others can to
me it seems easy to imagine he has first
of all a different risk level second of
all a different Secret Service Group
meaning that our Secret Service just
might have different standards that's
not up to trump if our Secret Service is
more careful or perhaps they have more
evidence of specific threats maybe they
don't want to drone tracking them when
they're on the road for too long there's
also some thought that the only way they
could do it as safely as our Secret
Service what's it done right we're not
looking at anybody else's Secret Service
we don't care if France does it
differently we don't care if Germany
handles the security for their leader
differently totally irrelevant to us all
that matters is what our Secret Service
wanted period it's not compared to
anything if you're comparing it to other
people's Secret Service you would have
to be a Secret Service expert and you
would have to also assume that we have
the same level of risk and risk
avoidance and I think the President of
the United States frankly has a far
higher risk of attack
so anyway there's another example where
you it was hard to imagine what the real
story was but once we hear it you go oh
yeah that does sound pretty pretty
reasonable um next I just tweeted this
and I'm gonna see how many retweets I
got because that tells me how popular my
story yes so 23 retweets apparently it's
not going to be very popular but oh no
that's that's something else let me just
look hold on bear with me sip your
coffee while you're waiting I just go
look you something I tweeted yeah seems
to be missing that's weird
okay well let me tell you what I
intended to tweet so see you then has a
headline and the headline is I gotta
give you the exact headline or it's no
fun
the headline is white supremacists
celebrate the midterms as a victory and
then if you click on it you see it says
Trump says he's not a racist that's not
how a white nationalist see it stop it
so the article says that well this
 I'm sorry piece of thing Trump
says he's not a racist
that's not how white nationalists see it
that's a CNN politics headline now
correct me if I'm wrong but isn't CNN
giving the same viewpoint as white
supremacists is it not true that this
article is as clearly as possible saying
the CNN and the white supremacists have
the same worldview really on this topic
and they're their shared worldview is
that Trump is a racist there are two
groups that believe Trump is a racist
white supremacist and CNN literally CNN
is boosting the signal for the white
supremacists because they agree with
them the CNN is actually getting its
news from white nationalists white
supremacists and they're pretending that
the problem is with Trump if you came
from another planet and you said all
right here's the situation there are
these people called you know white
supremacists or white nationalists kind
of a little bit similar they're not the
same but they're kind of in the same
ballpark
and and there's this group called see
and then that agrees with them and then
there's a group called conservatives who
don't agree with them and disagree with
both of those which which groups are on
the same team well the one that's
boosting the message and agrees with
their point of view it's sort a lot of
the same team all right at least on this
minor point and and then you ask
yourself is it reasonable to call CNN
the enemy of the people I've extended
this from fake news being the enemy of
the people to CNN because it's not in
the case of CNN it's not about some
specific fake news stories
these are editorial decisions so at at
the management level cNN has decided to
sell an image of the President as a
white supremacist probably the most
irresponsible disgusting reprehensible
thing you've ever seen because of what
it could do to the well what it is doing
to the country no CNN's not alone there
the anti-trump furs are all selling and
i trace it back to that what I call the
Charlottesville hoax when the president
said they were find people and bowls at
both sides of the question about
Confederate statues should they stay or
should they go find people on both sides
the news decided to report that as he
just called white supremacists marching
with tiki torches and saying bad things
about his own family that he decided to
throw in with that group on public TV as
president of the United States and
called them fine people nothing like
that happened and and anybody who is not
it doesn't have their head firmly up
their ass notice it's kind of obvious
that didn't happen but they still report
it to this day CNN allows their pundits
and that's probably how they get away
with it they let the pundit say it and
they just don't don't edit it they allow
their pundits to keep that out there
like it's true when it's obviously not
true you don't you don't have to
research it just look at the story
itself it's obviously not true so when
you say is CNN the enemy of the people
and I'm extending it further than the
President does because he's saying fake
news is the enemy of people I think you
have to say CNN is absolutely taking the
position against civilization today
really I mean it's sort of a position
against civilization at this point so
CNN and the white supremacists have
joined teams to help signal boost their
common view of the world about this
president now let's talk about the
Democrats being anti-science so I'm
getting you give you some examples I've
given you this example before which is
Democrats like to call Republicans
anti-science
because of climate change but what
Democrats always get wrong is that the
climate science topic is not just
science there's a science part chemistry
physics majoring things writing papers
very science II that's the science part
but the models the prediction models are
not science nor is there estimates of
you know the economic impact that's
economics so you have three things
you've got the science you've got the
models which are not science and you've
got the economics which is economics and
now science three distinct parts to
understand what's going on how big a
problem is what it's going to cost the
Democrats consider all three of those
things to be science and if you don't
believe all three of those things the
science the models that are not science
and the economic predictions which are
not science if you don't believe all
three of those you're anti science
that's literally the opposite of
rational thinking rational thinking
would say if you both believe the
science part that if that humans add co2
co2 could cause things go up in
temperature given a certain set of
conditions that's the science part
pretty much the conservatives believe
the science part what they don't believe
is that everything has been looked at
and they don't believe that the models
are necessarily reliable all right that
is more scientific not less scientific
yeah you know if if if you're saying
people disagree with the real science
part of it I think that's anti science
so the people who say it's the sunspots
for example that would be you know a
little bit going off the science course
because scientists do not think the
sunspots are responsible the majority of
them some obviously some do now let's
take another topic the forest fires what
is the most common thing you're seeing
in the news from Democrats about the
California fire fires they're saying
it's climate related does the science
prove that the California forest fires
are science are up sorry or climate
science caused the answer is no the
answer is it's one of the hypotheses
it's just a hypothesis what are the
competing hypotheses for why the forest
fires are so much worse well we know for
a fact that the way the forests have
been managed has changed and has changed
in a way that would definitely predict
there would be
more fires next there are also more
problems with power lines and the forest
being close to things that can cause
fires so there are simply more things in
the forest more power lines more people
more campers just more things that cause
fires and at the same time there's more
under cover less clearing bad bad forest
management so if you're a Republican you
probably say to yourself it's impossible
to tell exactly what's going on but
you'd certainly have to look at forest
management you'd certainly have to look
at there's a word for it but it's the
encroaching civilization and how how all
the how all the technology and people
and everything that we bring with us
they can cause fires there's just more
of it so that would be a factor and then
there is there there is a climate change
element to it which may or may not be
human cost you know in other words it
could be X percent human and X percent
natural and we don't know exactly but I
would say that Republicans by and large
look at all of those things which is
more science who is the anti science
group in this example is it an theis is
that are you being pro science if you
settle on a conclusion it's all climate
science without looking at all the
information which is clearly relevant
that's not very Pro science ignoring
relevant data is pro science to me it
looks like the Republicans of the pro
science ones there's a there's also the
issue of mind-reading and both sides are
guilty of this but for some reason you
see a lot more of it on the left and
what I call mind-reading is they'll look
at it at a certain set of actions and
then they'll imagine they can read the
mind of the people involved to know why
they did what they do
the Presidents canceled trip to the
cemetery because of the rain is a
perfect example a typical way that the
Democrats you know resolved this
situation in their heads were they
imagined they could read the president's
mind I'm not even making this up they
looked at the situation say huh he
canceled the cemetery trip the other
leaders didn't therefore I will read his
mind when I need a little help for this
I am putting all the data together I'm
reading his mind from a distance I'm
seeing something about a hair and
moisture got it got it the President of
the United States according to my mind
reading does not like to get this hair
wet end of story
no further research needed I've got it I
think I've got it everybody else get
that you got that too right you got it
hair water all right you got it all
right we're on the same page 97% of
scientists agree and seen what did
Republicans and Trump's supporters say
when they heard this story about Trump
canceling his trip to the cemetery well
some of them probably did some runt
mind-reading same as Dale but I think
that most conservatives most Trump
supporters said something like this
there's probably a good reason we just
don't know what it is there's probably
good reason and so I would say in this
case the people who had a wait-and-see
attitude as well there's probably good
reason there might there might be 10
different reasons and we just don't know
what it is so I would say that if you
were open to just listening to whatever
the situation was you probably were the
the solid thinker in this case
in this case all right there is a
article on the news that says that
experts have determined that one of the
biggest health problems in the country
the United States that is is people
sitting in chairs so it turns out that
one of the biggest health risks one of
the big the biggest killers in the
country is chairs chairs are actually
killing people with all their comforting
feel good qualities chairs are so
awesome that people think I'd like to
sit in that chair I'm so comfortable all
sit in this chair for hours and then the
chair kills them because it saps some of
their vitality and their fitness and
their ability to move around and all
those things are good for your health so
chairs kill and the price tag they put
it on it was and you have to take this
kind of estimate with a gigantic grain
of salt because I'm sure they can't
really measure this sort of thing but
they're saying that moving around more
would save 117 billion dollars a year on
health care just just move it around
more and this leads me to my next point
I'm this is something I'm working on
sort of in on the side but it seems to
me we're approaching a point where you
could build a website with links to all
the ways you could get close to free or
cheap healthcare and here's what I'm
talking about and I'll give you just a
few examples and you that should be
enough to paint the picture let's say I
create a website and all that all I do
is as there's a new breakthrough a new
piece of information we know something
that would make your health costs go
down it gets added to the website so
that people who can't afford regular
health care have sort of the the poor
person's version of health care the
thinking
and say all right how can I piece
together a health care plan without
paying for health care let me give you
one example there's a there's now a
device you can put on your phone that
you just put your thumbs on and it will
measure your your heart and you can
actually get a useful measure of your
heart with just this a little hundred
something dollar thing you click into
your phone alright you would only need
to know that one of your neighbors had
one or somebody around you had one that
you could borrow and you could you could
check it once in a while there are a
number of other little clickin things
that will turn your phone into basically
a Star Trek you know tricorder for
testing your health but there are also
things such as this movement thing
imagine if you had a Fitbit and all it
did is remind you to move enough that
you would be in a healthy zone well
that's sort of Health Care the Fitbit
telling you to get up and walk around
every once in a while would be really
good for your health if you've got all
the little stuff right if if you add a
set of technology whether it's apps
whether it's websites information
whatever it is that could change your
diet from a bad diet to a better diet
could change your level of activity from
none to enough if you could do that with
technology that's a lot like taking
money right off the cost of health care
and then if you piece together things
like WebMD you know Google and other
sources where you can look at things and
then you add telemedicine the and I'll
be talking a lot more about this in the
next next few days and weeks but if you
can get a doctor on the phone for a
fixed fee any time you want
you've got doctors advice live for a low
cost much lower than the cost of having
the healthcare
you've got infinite resources of things
you know like things to test there now I
believe there's
startup I forget its name that's making
laboratories where you can just walk in
with no health care and pay a small fee
and have your blood tested
so now you can give full blood work
without health care just pay a small fee
you can get a doctor live without health
care small fee on the phone you can get
all these testing devices apps you know
places you go much lower cost so we're
and and then let's say the president
does something with prescription medical
costs well I don't know what they can do
other than just forcing the prices down
but there's some thought that the price
of meds would come down if you put all
this stuff together
you get really close maybe maybe you
were already 80% there to piece together
an expensive health care system that you
just use as you need you know you just
take the pieces you need we're getting
close and also the the direct pay dr.
model is part of that mix right there
are people having a small fee per month
and then you can use the doctor as much
as you want but it's this one doctor so
there's more of that model coming all
right what about cancer and car
accidents yeah so the other big piece of
the healthcare pie and oh by the way I
was I don't have it done here I was
starting to break down which parts of
healthcare are the big expense and I'll
talk more about that but it's kind of
hard to get that information because
people are measuring things differently
some say the cost of hospitalization is
about thirty thirty two percent of all
healthcare costs so when somebody said
what about cancer what about a car
accident that fits into the 32 percent
of hospitalization stuff so there are
parts that are harder to work on and the
idea is that
you could have catastrophic insurance
for the hospitalization stuff so for the
hospitalization stuff you probably just
need insurance
turning on a cat-scan machine cost
$10,000 yeah
I'm pretty sure that all of their was
scanning technologies the the total
price of that should be dropping hard
like I mean that should really the cost
of that should be coming down like crazy
yeah I don't have auto insurance for
tire rotations only wrecks exactly any
ideas for long-term chronic illnesses
well it depends the nature of it I mean
if your chronic illness just requires
pills then the lowering of
pharmaceutical costs could help but I
would think that your catastrophic
insurance should cover long-term
expensive stuff as well you mean and
maybe there's you know it would make
sense basically anything that's going to
be super expensive you know it should be
the dollar amount that matters not the
not the type of problem if it's if it's
an expensive medical problem you need
insurance for it
3d printers to make everything in the
hospital yeah imagine imagine you had a
hospital where they don't buy they don't
purchase many of their supplies they
they 3d print supplies as needed you
know if somebody comes in and they've
made an appointment for let's say
they've been an appointment for a
specific condition the 3d printer just
starts printing the things you're likely
to need you know you prints those
bandages whatever sometimes they could
just guess in advance you know I've got
a feeling that cancer may be getting
close to cured so it might be that the
long-term cost of cancer is going to
drop like a rock because we
I think we're close to the point with
the new advances in cancer close to the
point where most of the cancers can just
be beaten so you don't have to keep
somebody in the hospital till I die you
just cure it yeah and I would also think
that there should be a special kind of
health care I've suggested this before
and let me just put this out there
suppose you had I like this idea before
I even say it suppose you had a special
healthcare plan that offered people free
health care no matter what it was
they get free health care and the
government pays it but only with this
condition you have to give up all of
your privacy just for the medical stuff
you know not all of your privacy about
your whole life although a lot of it and
the idea would be that they would you
know have whatever monitors or or tests
need to be done that they would use the
people who are getting the free health
care to measure what works and what
doesn't for everyone else so in other
words the people with the free health
care would know that their guinea pigs
and they would know that they're giving
up way more privacy than the people who
are paying more money but even though
the government would be paying for this
health care and it would be free and it
would be really expensive the amount we
could learn from being able to measure
exactly what works and what doesn't the
amount we would learn might pay for all
the other people in other words it might
be the best investment ever to simply
have a group of people who in return for
free health care give up privacy about
their data so imagine if you will that
you could you could know that 30 minutes
of exercise saves 30 percent on medical
costs over your life
I suppose you could know that suppose
you could know that the people who ate
more potatoes
had more health care problems I don't
know that that's the truth I'm just
using the example suppose you could know
that if you ride a bicycle to work the
odds of you having expensive accidents
because of the bicycle are very high so
suppose you can know all of those things
so you could piece together a set of
recommendations that would lower the
health care cost of the people who are
not in the program the people who
decided to keep their privacy and pay
extra for it
those people would let me put it this
way let's say that privacy is a feature
I just I just solved health care for you
here you go
I just solved health care I'll write it
down here you'll love this here it is I
just solved the healthcare privacy is a
feature with a cost to it suppose
suppose you passed the law I'm just I'm
just brainstorming now all right so
don't take this too seriously this idea
is exactly ten seconds old suppose you
passed the law that said every every
company that charges for health care has
to itemize how much you're paying extra
for privacy and then you could pay it or
not so if you decide you don't want
privacy you don't have to pay for it but
your data would go into the system to
make everybody healthier and to drive
down health care costs
now when I say privacy they would try to
keep your name away from your data so
the intention would be that your name is
not associated with your actual health
problems right so that if somebody got
into those records they would just see
summed up data and they wouldn't see
your name associated with it the reality
of course is there's always a risk that
somebody will figure
your name and Lincoln to your health
care so you would have to know that if
you decided not to pay extra for privacy
there was some risk some risk that
somebody would get your name
probably not the biggest risk in the
world but some risk so I'll betcha if
you made privacy a discrete thing to pay
for there would be enough people who
said screw that I don't care I don't
care if somebody knows I have a bunion
why would I care about that there would
be enough people who wouldn't pay it
that you would be able to measure did I
pronounce that right for you measure the
outcomes so specifically that you would
probably be able to take I'm just
guessing but I'll bet you could take 30%
off the cost of health care just by
taking privacy from a assumption to a
feature that's it just move it from an
assumption that you have privacy to
something you pay extra for but you
don't have to if you don't want the
privacy all right yes so the reasons
somebody just mentioned that the reasons
for privacy might have something to do
with you know AIDS and alcoholism and
drug use and stuff there there are a lot
of things that people do want privacy
for but those people could keep it they
would just pay a little extra so
everybody gets to keep what they have
nothing would change but you'd have an
extra option did you smoke any meat out
back the past few days let me give you
an update on the fire
here's a view from my window if you've
been watching this over time you know
that where I'm pointing
beyond the trees that you can see
without the forest fire there would be a
huge valley an airport a lake and a
ridge and they would be all clearly
visible there would be as so the park is
missing
behind the smoke or is normally as
visible as the trees that you can see
you know those are actually my
neighbor's trees but and the entire view
is is white out and has been like that
for a week and I'm I think I'm still 150
miles away from the closest fire so just
just put this in perspective
I'm a hundred and fifty miles away and I
can't go outside I can't take my dog
outside more than a few minutes because
it would be unhealthy the air quality is
so low so that's so bad let's talk about
oh I forgot to talk about the presidents
funny tweet about France so I got to
read you all three tweets from the
president about France because they're
all they're all gems they're all top 20%
tweets all right here's the first one
untrained France makes excellent wine I
love there's something about the the
pacing or the simplicity of his
sentences that make me laugh before I
even get to the point all right he
starts with such a clear simple
statement he goes on trade France makes
excellent wine but so does the US the
problem is that France makes it very
hard for the US to sell its wines into
France and charges big tariffs whereas
the u.s. makes it easy for French wines
and charges very small tariffs not fair
must change now this is the sort of
stuff that people used to mock the
president for talking like a sixth grade
level
and he does it in his tweets but it is
so clear I mean that is such a clear
tweet you know it's you don't really
realize that other people are unclear
until you see something complicated
explained with such simple sentences
then he goes on he goes this is the next
week the problem is that Emanuel we're
talking about McCrone yeah yeah the
problem is that Emanuel he uses his
first name which is funny suffers from a
very low approval rating in France 26%
that's half of the president's rating
and at an unemployment rate of almost
10% that's that's about you know triple
the unemployment rate of the United
States so he's first of all called
president McCrone Emanuel so he sort of
you know humanized him you know my buddy
Emanuel because I think they probably do
like each other and then he goes that he
says talking about Emanuel that week
goes on he was just trying to get on to
another subject which you tell yourself
mmm that sounds like somebody we know
and then the president says by the way I
love it when it goes by the way within
the same tweet there is no country more
nationalists than France very proud
people and rightfully so and that his
next tweet is follow-up he goes in all
caps make France great again now that is
good good stuff because remember he's
the President of the United States
so his tweets are news although it looks
like CNN is ignoring it so far
maybe it'll cover it today but he he's
he's main CNN cover the fact they're
French wine is being
is coming into the country but we're
being tariffed and everybody likes wine
right you know in the United States wine
is one of the most popular things and
all these wine drinkers who are mostly
Democrats I think all the Democrats who
drink wine I'm not saying they're the
only ones who drink wine but as a
stereotype are looking at and say hey
why is my French wine costing extra
which is hilarious that it's even like
an issue
wine wine has got to be the least
important thing in the world and but
then he makes him cover the fact that
France has high unemployment and and
that their president has lower approval
so in terms of framing is brilliant
framing because he's it forces them to
say there's a president of another
country who was doing way worse I love
that part but then when he gets into the
nationalism because I like to call the
president a racist because he likes
nationalism he goes by the way there is
no country more nationalists with a
capital n than France very proud people
so he makes nationalist and proud being
proud and nationalist
it's like it's the same thing and
there's nothing wrong with being proud
and then and then you have to ask
yourself is that true is France one of
the most nationalist countries and I
think to myself that feels true I don't
know if that's true but how does it feel
it feels like that's true right now I
think it feels true because of the the
stereotypes so it doesn't mean it is
true but it definitely feels true and so
that's good enough right for the for
political purposes if it feels true it's
true enough and then he says make France
great again after he's totally throwing
them under the bus with her baton
moment and lower low approval rate he's
suggesting that maybe maybe France used
to be better and maybe like maybe maybe
they could take it up a notch the make
America I make France great again oh I
was pretty funny anyway the people who
don't have a sense of humor and as I've
told you before it's one third of the
population and probably a greater
percentage among people who don't like
this president but if you don't
understand that almost bet almost
everything that he says in his tweets is
at least a little bit funny and he means
it that way because that's that what's
that's what boosts is signal it's wrong
but just a little bit wrong it's wrong
in the way that makes it funny the
example I like to use here's a good
example of why wrong is funny when the
president said of of McCain that the
president said he preferred people who
didn't get caught now the reason that's
funny and to me it's hilarious and it's
the reason that Chris Rock used it as a
joke before Trump did use it in his
stand-up act same joke there is this
funny is because it's so wrong it's so
wrong to call somebody who's so you know
clearly a military hero to say I prefer
people who didn't get caught it's the
wrongness that is the humor that's the
point right
if you don't get that and that the it's
not about the thinking that McCain is
not a hero because I don't think anybody
thinks that really you know that nobody
thinks that it's just hilarious that he
would say something that you're not
supposed to say that is so wrong but if
you know he's got a sense of humor it
comes off completely different
alright I'm just looking at your
comments so how many days have been
since the recount started or whatever
the hell they're doing they're in
Florida trying to count the votes and we
still don't have a clear sign of massive
of voter fraud do we the thing you have
to the hit thing you have to watch when
you're trying to judge what's happening
in Florida is that if if a place that is
mostly Democrat finds a box of uncounted
votes they're probably going to be
mostly Democrat because it's a mostly
Democrat place so if all we have is that
22 votes got mixed in where they weren't
supposed to and there was one box of
uncounted votes if that's all we have
that we don't have massive voter fraud
we don't we just have some some minor
problems that wouldn't change the the
result in this case but I will agree
with all of you that there's enough
suspicious looking stuff here that you I
mean you have to just put a lid on it
and make sure that nothing suspicious is
happening now I'm not going to say that
we won't find massive voter fraud if I
had to bet if I had to bet on it
well that's a good question which way
would I bet would you bet a for or
against finding massive voter fraud and
when I say massive it's got to be more
than we found a box of votes or 22 votes
got mixed in someplace they shouldn't
have something like that I mean like
literal everybody agrees so massive they
even the Democrats would say oh crap I
didn't know about that
that's pretty massive do you think we'll
find that how many of you will predict
that we will find massive voter fraud
and of Broward give me your give me your
votes
how many think we will find massive
voter fraud
now that's slightly different from
whether it exists or doesn't exist I'm
talking about whether it's detectable
and I would say that if it's massive
it's going to be detectable so most of
you looks like almost oh I agree with
you there fraud is fraud so if there's a
punishment involved for putting 22 votes
in the wrong place and you can you can
determine intent then that has to be
pursued but in terms of change in the
election so I think I only saw one
person who thought there was not massive
fraud but there might be a lot of micro
fraud won't find one Floyd I'm gonna I'm
gonna go out on a limb here's my
prediction are you ready my prediction
is that we will not find massive voter
fraud in Broward so so that's my
prediction and I want you to track this
one because remember I've I've told you
since 2015 they should judge my
credibility by prediction only don't
don't judge anybody especially me by
whether or not the things I'm saying
today make sense of the past because
everybody can do that that's easy its
prediction that gives you any
credibility so I'm going to predict that
they will find small small matters of
you know irregularities but they will
not find massive or a fraud here's why
we would already know that's why if it
was massive the odds are we'd already
know we might be arguing about whether
you know it is exactly what we think it
is we might be arguing about how big is
massive we might be arguing about those
things but so far
it's been a little bit of time feels
like too much time is going by now I'm
limiting my prediction I want to be
careful here I'm limiting my prediction
to Broward so let's just limit it to
Broward because there's a separate
question of whether a lot of
non-residents voted and I think we need
to look into that as well I'm gonna I'm
going to say that's that's not the
problem we're looking at it and Broward
alright so I'll say this clearly again
my prediction is only about Broward and
I predict we will not find gigantic
fraud
there's definitely reason to think it
might be there and there it's definitely
good that we're digging into it but I
think we would have found it by now or
at least we'd be talking about things
that look like it even if it wasn't
confirmed the the larger question of
whether Florida in general signed up
some people who should not have voted
that's a good question and I don't have
I don't have a prediction on that and
obviously that would also affect Broward
but it's not the kind of fraud they're
looking for and Broward they're looking
for something you know even even more
granular than that all right that's
enough for now
I'm going to talk trucks being videoed
yeah I wouldn't put too much credibility
in trucks being videotaped and stuff
like that I think if if its massive will
know about it soon and I will talk to
you later