hey everybody
it's good to see you yes it's time for
another edition of coffee with Scott
Adams and we're going to feature the
simultaneous sip at a moment as people
are screaming in oh I think it's already
time DJ dr. fump juice good to see you
again and for the rest of you I know
what you want
grab your materials all you need there's
a cover of Margaret last at anchor
chalice or Stein the canteen jug of
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the end of the day
the thing that makes everything better I
mean everything everything except the
coronavirus and we haven't really tested
it on that it might cure it worth a try
go I'm so happy I can hardly contain
myself today as you know I've been in
screaming pain for about two weeks at
least a few hours a day every day but I
just got on some prednisone and some
other antibiotics and I woke up feeling
good for the first time in weeks do you
know how good it feels to feel good I'll
bet you do have you ever been sick and
then there's that first day when you're
not sick anymore oh my goodness feels so
good feels so good so if I seem extra
happy today
that's why well speaking of happiness
let's talk about the opposite
now normally I don't like to spend a lot
of time of these periscopes talking
about stuff that isn't fun but you can't
really ignore the coronavirus the
coronavirus has its own agenda
apparently and so here are some stats
from the news eighty-five thousand
people or confirmed what does that mean
if eighty-five thousand people are
confirmed to have it and it's highly
viral how many people have it what do
you think is that multiplier on that of
known to unknown cases does anybody know
I don't think anybody knows right
because we're finding these cases now
that no one's seem connected to anybody
else who hasn't now of course they must
be but we can't figure out how so
there's that I'm going to get to some
good news so if you're waiting for some
optimism it's coming I'm just giving you
some stats so the deaths toll toll
stands at over 2900
it's a writ the risk of global spread is
quote very high according to w-h-o who
we're seeing cases of Mexico well that's
going to get interesting we'll talk
about that people were US citizens are
urged not to travel to Italy unless it's
essential the South Korea has 3000 cases
Italy is around 50,000 in quarantine
schools across Japan are closing and I
think in France they just announced that
no gatherings more than 5,000 people
5,000 people will be allowed so and you
can see that the stock market is
basically pricing in a zombie apocalypse
so there there are two things which you
can have become separated at this point
one is the effects of the coronavirus
psychologically and eken
luckily because those are the same the
economy is really a psychology machine
and right now it's broken so that the
the machine of the economy is broken
just the psychology that drives it is
currently degraded because people are
worried rightfully worried but maybe a
little too much so I'm going to give you
my predictions you ready
goes like this I think the stock market
is most likely to suffer for about a
year could be 2 could be 3 could be 6
months now I'm going to pick a midpoint
I think about a year and by that I mean
all of the other fundamentals are pretty
good pretty good
so when things come back they'll
probably come back pretty quickly but I
think we have about a year of worry
certainly they'll it's more than worried
because supply chains are being
disrupted etc so if you're a investor I
would say that selling your stocks now
might be the very worst thing you could
do no I don't give financial advice on
here so do not take and the investment
advice from cartoonists but the stock
market is a weird kind of investment
because as one quality that a lot of
other investments don't have which is if
your money ever went to zero in the
stock market let's say you've got a
diversified portfolio you didn't you
didn't do something stupid and buy
individual companies but you you bought
a diversified portfolio which you should
do if you've done that the odds of that
ever going to zero well very low but if
it did money wouldn't be worth anything
so it wouldn't matter where else you had
your money if the if the stock market
ever went to zero nobody would have
money that would be the end of the
economy the end of civilization now
that's not true of other investments you
could buy a house which most people
consider a good investment right but
your house could burn down and you
forgot to put insurance on it you can
your job and the bank takes that etc so
if you're looking at one individual
thing you could lose it all
but you don't really have that same kind
of risk with the stock market because if
you were to lose it all in the stock
market it means that no matter where
else your money was it's gone you know
there won't be the banks if the stock
market went to zero there would be no
banks and your cash would be worthless
the government would be defunct and all
that so getting out of a a long-term
risky investment sometimes makes sense
getting an of investment whose risk is
identical to the risk of civilization
itself doesn't make sense so so if
you're a long-term holder this would be
a good time to remind yourself why
you're a long-term holder of stocks I
will tell you my personal strategy my
personal strategy is that I'm actually
worried that the stock market will
recover too much on Monday because I
want to buy so I'm a buyer at this price
if the stock market goes up 5% tomorrow
maybe yes maybe no I mean on Monday if
it goes up 5% if it goes down 10% maybe
I'll wait maybe I'll wait see if it
finds a little temporary bottom but I'm
gonna wait for the downward pressure to
sort of plateau a little bit if it looks
like the downward pressure is slowing on
Monday I'll probably put every penny I
have excess into the market I can't
imagine there would be a better time to
buy now that's not stock advice you
really really should not take advice
from the individuals unless they're
telling you to diversify everything else
is just BS but the stock market is
generally considered it's wise to buy
and hold for long term alright here's
what I predict for the coronavirus
itself and this is related to my stock
market prediction and I think this is
compound
was what dr. drew tweeted yesterday I
believe and I was kind of somebody says
stop giving advice where are you you're
listening to the part where I said I'm
not giving advice all right you get
blocked for not hearing me say I'm not
giving advice on socks so dr. drew
tweeted basically a lot of people are
going to get the the coronavirus and for
the most part be mild most people who
get it will have something like a cold
and then when it's over probably can't
get it again we're seeing some reports
of people being reinfected but I think
those are unreliable it seems to me
unlikely that you could be reinfected
like why would this be the the one kind
of virus cold situation where you get it
more than once so I'm not buying I'm not
gonna buy the idea that you can get
reinfected yet I'm watching for that I
mean if that's the case I'd be 10 times
more worried but I suspect it's not the
case we'll see so the dr. drew approach
is that it's covered a lot of you are
gonna get it maybe all of us maybe every
single one of us will get it it won't be
that big a deal now when I say it won't
be that big a deal if you're one of the
2% of the people who die from it that's
a pretty big deal but for most of you
you probably won't notice so keep that
in mind so and the other thing that you
have to get accustomed to is what I call
the this is my mother's theory that you
can get used to anything if you do it
long enough including hanging so she
used to point out that even if things
were bothering you you didn't probably
get used to it and the coronavirus
because it's you know new and different
and most of us alive have not gone
through a pandemic it feels not normal
it feels like a big scary thing but
check back in six months
in six months I'm not even sure it'll be
a headline but it will probably be ten
times bigger because there'll be just
tons of people who have it now I think
we're gonna get a lot smarter and we're
gonna get a lot smarter fairly quick not
only about testing for it but maybe in a
year or so we'll have a vaccine etc so
we're gonna get smart quick one of the
things that have all tweeted maybe
yesterday maybe today it's new so evolve
account we're saying that we should get
better data and who's getting it and
who's not actually Balaji Srinivasan was
talking about getting better data on the
genetics of the people who were having a
tough time with the virus versus those
who are not because if there's some
correlation and Balaji notes that the
odds of finding that exact you know
genetic correlation between who dies and
who doesn't it's not a high chance you
know it's not like 75% chance you're
going to find what makes it different in
different people but there's a good
chance and given that the stakes are so
high certainly we should know if there's
something about individuals that make
them more susceptible other than the
obvious you know the obvious being that
older people and compromised people have
more trouble one of the things that
navall suggests is that we look at heat
in other words what's the temperature
and humidity in the places and does that
have some impact on the spread because
you might for example say that as soon
as the warmer weather gets here we'll
get a lot of relief and maybe that gives
us enough relief until the vaccines come
online or or even the testing kits come
online so I'll give you my complete
prediction now remember nobody can
predict the future so don't look at
anything I said about you know politics
and say well you got that right
so therefore he'll predict right about a
coronavirus they don't really that skill
doesn't transfer it over I'll just tell
you my opinion my opinion is this virus
will be so widespread that your your
decision about traveling or even going
to large events will become fatalistic
and what I mean by that is there's gonna
be a point where you say to yourself you
know I'm just gonna get this thing let's
just get it over with I got my friends
got it it's in my office if I go to the
doctor's office probably the
receptionist has it it's just all over
I'm gonna get it now if you're 80 and
you've got you've got some immunity
problems or some health problems in
general you might want to just
quarantine yourself until this passes
but if you're 35 in perfect health and
maybe if we knew a little bit more as
Balaji's suggests the street of Awesome
he suggests that we know more about you
know who's who's really suffering and
who's not if you decide that you're one
of those people who probably isn't gonna
die maybe you just say well I don't I'm
gonna get it I'm gonna get it somebody
says what about children good point
as long as schools are opened there's
nothing that you can do if you've got
kids and those kids go to school you're
gonna get the coronavirus let me just
say that as clearly as I can say it if
you have children and they go to school
you're getting the coronavirus but it'll
probably be like the cold you have a few
days off of work you will feel no guilt
about going to work you know that if you
have a have you ever noticed you have a
minor cold or a headache or something
you feel like you got a tough up and go
to work it's like I'm not going to miss
work just from a sniffle so you'll
always have that balance of should I go
to work and I thought but if you get the
corona virus
it's vacation time yeah let's hope it's
not too bad for you but you're not gonna
feel bad about staying home because
believe me your co-workers will be happy
about it even though you're gonna get it
all anyway so here's the attitude I
would suggest taking into this you were
probably going to get a cold or a flu
sometimes in the next year or so anyway
most of us most of us don't go a full
year when they'll get in something and
you're watching me I've got like three
things going on right now so it's normal
to get something you're probably gonna
get this probably I'd say 75% chance so
instead of obsessing over whether you
will get it or not
I recommend as long as you're not
immunocompromised
I recommend thinking sooner or later I'm
gonna get this sooner or later I'm gonna
get this I'll feel bad for a week and
then I'll be better and then I can't get
it again
in all likelihood that's the way it's
gonna look so I think when this starts
to normalize even if the death rate is 2
percent which is 20 times higher than
the point one that we we would normally
see with a regular flu somebody have
this provocative provocative observation
on social media I want to test this with
you in the comments
it'll be about a 30-second delay before
they show up in the comments do you know
anybody personally and it could be your
coworker doesn't have to be a best
friend or anything do you know anybody
personally who has ever died from
standard flus because we know that a
regular flu you know just your everyday
flu that it's us every year
kills millions and I thought about I
thought you know I know people who have
died of aids alcoholism accidents I know
somebody who died in a parachuting
accident I mean personally these are
people I personally know well I don't
know anybody who died of a flu or
locations from the flu from being old
and look at the comments come in look at
all the knows I'm trying I'm trying to
reconcile the fact that the regular flu
kills so many people routinely but look
at all the know is coming in in fact
there's no yes there's not a single yes
in that whole line of knows none of us
know anybody who died from the flu the
old regular flu somebody said that if
somebody said they had a friend who died
from the flu vaccine maybe you know I'm
not sure if you can tell what killed
somebody every time somebody says yes
elderly in wheelchairs
often do but do you know one and so
everybody knows the data the data says
that it kills people but why don't we
know anybody right so what if so look at
all the notes go by and this is the big
reveal I was getting to oh somebody
knows what a forty year old woman this
year somebody says they know four people
in their 50s who died because of flu mmm
not so sure about that all right so now
I'm getting a trickle of yeses but
mostly knows so here's the question for
you if the number of people dying from
the flu were to increase by 20 I don't
think that's going to happen but suppose
it increased by 20 would you know
somebody because yeah and somebody say I
know of people but you don't know what
he personally somebody says someone in
my town means you've heard of it
somebody says for co-workers died from
the flu I'm sorry I don't believe that I
don't believe there's anybody who has
four co-workers who died from the flu
all right that looks like a troll answer
to me I don't
that somebody says I knew someone
somebody says it's always heart failure
that kills people well I suppose you
could argue that all right so I'm not
sure I trust all of the people saying
yes on here but here's my point
I think there's a really high likelihood
that the rate of death from this virus
could be much higher and you wouldn't
even notice because the people dying
would be people in I'm oversimplifying
here but in general the people were a
lot or who would be dying from it might
be dying from other stuff around the
same time meaning that just because this
is the bullet that killed them doesn't
mean there were a hail of bullets
heading their way I mean if you're 85
and you've got some health problems
already one of the bullets is going to
get you and sometimes it might be the
virus so my guess is you can see a lot
of it you may be surprised that the only
people dying are the people who are
gonna die pretty soon anyway from one
thing or another all right let's see I
got a few other things to talk about
that how many of you have canceled your
travel plans I have cancelled all of my
travel plans so in the comments tell me
how many of you just your personal
individual decisions about let's say
summer vacations or whatever how many of
you have canceled all of your travel
plans so I have I've canceled everything
and I'm a you know I'm a changed my mind
in a few months but I'm waiting yeah
somebody says they know two people who
died from fentanyl as as do I obviously
okay so that's the question we'll see in
the comments so let me get back to
coronavirus I'm gonna talk about some
other things just because too much
coronavirus all at once is too much but
I'm gonna get back to that so apparently
the reduction in violence in Afghanistan
the worked I didn't see that coming now
they called it a reduction in violence
versus a ceasefire because they knew
they couldn't stop it completely but
apparently the Taliban held off at least
a little bit in their violence for a
week to get serious about signing an
historic agreement so I guess there's
gonna be some kind of an attempt for a
peace agreement and in Afghanistan now
my take on this is that none of us are
real I assume that the people the Potala
ban just would cite anything to have
less of us meaning the United States so
I don't think the Taliban means it but
at least if it gets some of our troops
out of there then it just becomes their
problem so there's certainly a question
about whether it would cause some kind
of mass internal Civil War slaughter
that we could have prevented by staying
but I think we've just decided it's not
our business anymore so I think that's
good news for the United States and
potentially devastating news for
Afghanistan you can decide how you feel
about that alright Chris Matthews is in
the news not for a good reason
so he's being accused by journalist
Laura Bassett who had appeared on the
show and I guess when they were sitting
in the makeup chairs he was saying some
things that made her uncomfortable and
oh I will paraphrase them but basically
he was you know upon first meeting her
and being in if you've never seen the
makeup rooms for these TV shows they're
very small so imagine something that's a
very small room and often I don't think
I've seen more than two
chairs there must be something more so
usually you're pretty close to the other
person it's usually one makeup artist on
what each person who's going to go on
air and so allegedly Chris Matthews said
something about you know falling in love
with her because of her appearance yeah
that he made other kind of what she
considered creepy references toward her
makeup and her appearance now there's no
accusation that he me tutor beyond the
way he was talking that made her
uncomfortable he wasn't hitting on her
and in some explicit way he's being a 74
year old guy who used to talk that way
and doesn't know that he can't do it
anymore
I mean that's basically the whole story
but the interesting part about this
really doesn't have anything to do with
Chris Matthews and I hope he comes out
fine I have no ill will for Chris
Matthews I think he's a product of his
time and his upbringing it's not an
excuse yeah I'm not I'm not excusing him
I'm just explaining there are context
matters and he's got a blind spot I
would say because he doesn't give me the
impression based on watching him for
years and years and years I don't get
the impression that if he knew he were
making somebody unhappy he'd keep doing
it so you have to assume there's a sort
of a blind spot situation going on here
so it's hard for me to get too hateful
or I don't know get on my high horse
about somebody who's just got a blind
spot that got fixed I'm sure my guess is
that whatever way Chris Matthews used to
behave probably it's that happening
anymore because I think he's now
informed very informed of how it might
be received by other people so there's
that but you know he's 74 years old and
there's something about this story that
borders on elder abuse kinda
because it's hard to separate what he's
saying and the way he was alleged to
have act from his age yeah it's hard to
it's hard to separate those things
because you know if you were 35 I just
don't know if it would be happening and
frankly if well here's a here's a
thought experiment if Chris Matthews had
been a younger more attractive man and
he said exactly the same stuff would the
would the response have been this I know
I'm gonna get in trouble for this
probably get a trouble for this it's
just a thought experiment I'm not
recommending anything and not suggesting
anything I'm not I'm certainly not
softening or apologizing for Chris
Matthews in any way that's just for him
to do I'm not interested but you have to
and here's the blind spot I'm talking
about if you're Chris Matthews and
you've been famous for a long time he's
probably used to people reacting to him
in a certain way for a long time and
he's not that guy anymore so I think
that's part of the blind spot anyway big
question in politics is what if Biden
wins in South Carolina which apparently
he's going to is that going to
reinvigorate his campaign will it will
it invigorate his campaign well I think
it will in the sense that the news media
tells us what to think about all this
stuff and I think the news media of
course likes a horse race everybody says
that
they want they want some action they
want a good matchup they want a good
fight so I think the media will be
promoting Biden as more of a potential
winner of the nomination maybe he should
be so yes I think it will change the
race might only last a few days until
Super Tuesday and then everything will
change again but yeah at least the way
it's reported will be that it makes a
difference now here's the interesting
thing about Biden if you imagine that
the real powers that be are let's say
tribal and let's say that there's a
Hillary Clinton tribe a group of people
who support Hillary Clinton and have
some baby
in some cases of financial or
psychological interests there and that
they would like to have as much control
over the government as possible right
now you can imagine if you want to take
your conspiracy theories or maybe they
aren't to another level you say well
there's also a intelligence services
tribe people who loosely are on the same
team and act in a coordinated way even
if they don't coordinate explicitly to
give sort of an outcome that they want
maybe the maybe the Russian occlusion
story was about that so you start seeing
the world as tribes there might be a
tribe that's very pro-israel there might
be a tribe that's you know once this or
that but if you see the worldís tribes
then you see the political system as
sort of the the theatre that the public
sees but the real power is these tribal
influences over the politics then and
and by the way this this is pretty close
to how I see the world it's not the only
thing happening but it's one of those
filters I find useful and to extend that
who would the Hillary Clinton tribe
let's say that a lot of deep State
people working in the government X Obama
people etc who would they most like to
see as president well they'd like to see
somebody who's of their team per se
they'd like to see somebody who has
policies that they like well I don't
think that's the real driving force if
you imagine that there are tribes that
there's a Clinton tribe I think they
want power power and all the ways that
it matters the money influence
connections all that sort of thing and
if you believe that's true who would be
their favorite candidate because the
thing is they wouldn't want a candidate
who was strong on his or her own
let me be specific would the would the
Clinton tribe if such a thing exists
would they favor
a Bloomberg presidency because they
might be quite compatible with his
policies so Bloomberg has policies that
the Clinton lovers would like would they
support him as I say no and here's why
because you can't buy him well China
probably can buy Bloomberg but if you're
the clinton tribe you can't really buy
him he's not controllable there's just
nothing that you can do so even though
he agrees with pretty much policy wise
almost all the things sane to want to do
I don't think he's gonna get their first
choice I mean if he becomes the nominee
they might support him but in the camp
in the primaries I think I prefer Biden
and I think the reason they prefer him
is that they know they can control him
partly because of age partly because
he's the Obama acolyte and Obama
probably could control them and that
gives you know the Clinton tribe some
control but because of his age you are
I'm going to this his vice presidential
pick will be the big the big variable
and I've predicted as Kamala Harris and
Kamla Harris is essentially connected to
the Clinton tribe meaning that there she
has the second most endorsements from
let's say important Democrats first the
first most endorsements is Biden so if
you put Biden and combo Harris together
first of all they're they're pretty
strong package I would say that would be
a good a good candidacy to run against
the president I think everybody would
lose against Trump but it would be a
stronger package Bloomberg plus anybody
would be a strong package to so here's
my prediction apparently the
super-delegates have said by a very high
majority that they do not
to honor the highest vote getter if it's
not a majority so it looks like bernie
is going to come into the the convention
the Democratic convention with the most
votes but not over 50% which allows them
by their rules to after the first vote
the super-delegates can get involved and
they've already said that they're not
going to automatically elect Bernie and
I think they all know that it would be a
death sentence for Democrats because it
kind of would be so what is the most
likely thing that these people who have
already said they're going to ignore the
highest vote total if it's not majority
what's the most likely outcome a
brokered convention and one that's
compatible with the Hillary Clinton
tribe I think that's your best choice
now would would Bloomberg contribute his
money to getting Biden elected if it's
not Bloomberg who gets the nomination
maybe maybe because that's a big
variable if Bloomberg goes all in and
says yeah I'm going to fund all the
congressional races I'm gonna fund Biden
I'm going to do all this well then Biden
looks a lot stronger so if you give him
a young female senator person to call
her vice president and he's controlled
by the Clinton machine that feels like
where is having now of course you all
know my hidden secret interest which is
my original prediction is that Cobble
Harris would be the candidate for the
Democrats she obviously is suspended her
campaign and therefore most people would
say well Scott you're very wrong about
that she didn't even make it into the
final eight or whatever it is we're not
done yet we're not done yet
and at if I were to put money today on
the most likely outcome it's this the
most likely outcome is Biden getting
nomination in a brokered convention
having already named or about to name
because you know we could suspect it's
gonna happen before it happens kind of
lares or somebody as good it doesn't
have to be calmly Harris but it could be
somebody who has a lot of the same
qualities so that's that's my prediction
all right but it's probably no more than
you know twenty percent likely and the
other the other likelihoods are small
too I saw Tom cotton tweeted Senator Tom
cotton that he was bragging if you will
and legitimately by the way when I say
people are bragging that's not an insult
I am Pro bragging if you did something
right you could tell me about it and you
could be as as uncouple as you like as
long as it's honest as long as you're
willing to tell me that when you do
something bad that it was also bad so
when I say somebody's bragging not an
insult as long as it's true and I think
it's true in this case Tom cotton said
that he called for a travel ban On
January 28th he goes on in his tweet and
says the quote experts and it would
backfire now those same experts admitted
saved lives
the president did the right thing by
acting decisively so January 28th is
when Tom cotton called for a travel ban
and so I asked myself I wonder what I
calls from the travel band and the
answer is four days earlier January 24th
now I saw at least one person of social
media that cared member was was it Mike
sir Mitch I can't remember but somebody
else was calling for a travel ban in
early and I'm just curious because those
of you if you're just joining you're
gonna be a little confused by this
conversation so I have to give you this
context I I've talked often about racing
the influence tracing the paths of
influence and there are some ways that
you could sometimes you can identify
choices of words or specific kind of
weird language
and if you use that your persuasion and
then you see other people using your
weird unique language you can infer but
you don't know for sure that probably
you persuade it because you can see the
linguistic you know fingerprints go all
the way through now in this case all
that's happening is travel ban or not a
travel ban so there's no linguistic
fingerprints whatsoever and I'm asking
the question because I don't know were
there other people publicly and
vigorously asking for an end to a travel
ban before I did so that's the question
for you in the comments send me a DM or
or tweet at me if you know so let me
know if somebody called for it before
January 24th when I did all right
bill kristol is pushing a new hoax it's
hoax 8 it looks like it's going to be a
big one and it looks like hoax 8 hoax
8 is going to spread faster than the
coronavirus well it already has because
it's going to millions in this country
already and here's the hoax the hoax is
that allegedly President Trump said that
the corona virus is a hoax do you
believe that do you believe that the
President of the United States said that
the corona virus is a hoax
maybe do you even have to look at the
details do you really need to even look
at the context on its surface without
doing any research whatsoever don't you
go that's a hoax maybe really isn't that
obviously a hoax now what this comes
from is that the President did say that
the way the Democrats are politicizing
his reaction to the corona virus all the
steps the government has taken that he's
saying their reaction to it is the hoax
in other words the hoax is saying that
the president hasn't done anything were
enough about it
in fact he has in his opinion so the bad
people the bill crystals of the world
and by the way you know I always rail
against imagining you know what people
are thinking because we're so terrible
at it but I can't watch Bill Kristol do
anything without thinking his intentions
are actually just evil I've been
actually evil now are there people who
actually have evil intentions like an
actual sociopath or a psychopath because
Bill Kristol looks exactly like a
sociopath like there's something deeply
wrong with him and his I mean I think
when I see him in public it seems like
he's trying to harm the country for
whatever personal benefit etc and I
don't say that about a lot of people and
I never say that about a president by
the way when when Obama was president it
was popular on the right to say that
President Obama hated America and he was
trying to destroy it now that's
ridiculous one of the things I believe
to be true is that no matter what kind
of a you know evil bad person you were
by the time you become president of the
United States the most normal
psychological transformation would be
well the United States is great if the
United States picked you as its leader
what would you think of the United
States would you say well they picked me
as the leader but man they're broken
that United States as a piece of garbage
but they picked me as the leader of the
garbage no no not a single person in the
world would be able to have that thought
and if they were that crazy I think we
would have detected it by the time you
are selected by your country to protect
them and to be their leader there is no
way in the world that you can have a bad
feeling about the people who put you in
that position I mean you could have bad
feelings about Satan's but you're not
going to have a bad feeling about
erricka once America has made you its
brand leader I just don't think that
your brain can even do that unless
you're actually damaged in some way no
normal brain can dislike the United
States once you're the leader so anyway
I won't assume that I know what Bill
Kristol is thinking but I will say that
the the overall impression by all of his
actions are that there's something
deeply wrong with him I mean actually
sociopaths kind of rob
I'm not diagnosing I'm saying that that
would be the impression he leaves by his
actions we can't know what he's actually
thinking all right so they're all so the
way Bill Kristol spread the hoax yes he
said this he said that the president
called the concern about the Karuna
virus a hoax didn't happen the president
never said anything like the concern for
the virus is a hoax
he has says he hopes everything will be
well but there's a good chance it could
you know spread and become bigger that's
just the fact it's a good chance it will
spread and get bigger he hopes that that
won't happen
nothing wrong with that so that's the
Oaks so I'm playing an experiment today
so you may have seen me tweet that this
new hoax hoax ate that the president
called the coronavirus a hoax which
didn't happen but that hoax I'm trying
to see if I can kill it early because
the earlier you get it the more
cheetah's you have snuffing it out and
what I've done is I've put the
provocative idea on Twitter that the
hoax itself is a virus that will only
infect artists because if you look at it
that's all the people who are writers
who seem to have fallen for it now watch
and see the paucity the lack of
engineers lawyers scientists and
economists who buy into this hoax
just watch for it every time you see the
hoax you're gonna see it a bunch of
times and you're gonna see it on TV
you're gonna see it on Twitter a lot but
to click on the profile and find out if
the person is a journalist writer pundit
musician Michael Moore
you know MSNBC host etc and so the the
funny part sorry my cats visiting the
funny part will be be seeing if we can
shame them off it I've never tried this
but see if we can shame them off it by
demonstrating the only artists are
susceptible to the hoax virus will say
it's just a test
speaking of reprogramming people you
know I've made the connection between a
an idea virus and an actual virus and
I've often said that terrorism Islamic
terrorism and probably any other
terrorism so let's just call it
terrorism is like an idea virus it has
all the qualities of these physical
viruses and by that I mean it it is
transmitted by contact you can't easily
tell who has it who doesn't have it you
know that the thought of terrorism to
actually do it you it spreads quickly
there's no cure it affects individuals
differently and once it gets inside your
borders people are gonna die now here's
why I think this story has more impact
in a pre suasion indirect way than we
may be noticing it will become
increasingly clear to people that an
idea virus in other words somebody who
has bad intentions in their head and an
actual virus need to be treated almost
the same way which means you know
quarantine closing borders having people
as much as you can and I think that that
those two ideas have always been treated
as completely separately but because of
especially now that there are
couple people in Mexico that have the
coronavirus that immediately makes you
think about border security because do
you want infected immigrants who are
lovely people you know I'm never one who
will speak ill of immigrants I love my
immigrants lovely people but it looks
like they're gonna be more of them we're
infected in the future as soon as that
happens people are going to start
equating in their mind
border security and this physical virus
the corona virus and it's a very small
leap from that to seeing internal
thoughts and an idea of viruses as the
same thing yeah you have to treat them
and say and here's my question why if we
never use or maybe we have and I don't
know about it but is there a persuasion
lab where we're trying to cure
terrorists is that happening because
you'd you'd imagine this somewhere the
government somebody ought to be working
on that then let me tell you how to do
it so you take a bunch of terrorists and
let's say you work on the the hardest
cases let's say Guantanamo Bay you've
got a bunch of terrorists and Guantanamo
Bay why are we not trying to deprogram
them is it because military doesn't do
that is it because we don't know how is
it because that's not the purpose of
Guantanamo Bay yeah maybe that's just
not its purpose so nobody even thinks to
try that but here's how you do it now
I'm gonna ask you that if you if you're
a believer and you have a religious
belief doesn't matter if it's Christian
Muslim doesn't matter what it is I would
ask you to turn off the turn off the
livestream now because what I'm going to
say in a moment could actually deprogram
your religions and unpro religion so I
don't want to do that I'm Pro religion
but not a believer and by that I mean
that it's it's just so obvious to me
that the religion filter on life is very
very positive for man
of amounts of people and I'm in favor of
anything that works you know if this
religion works for you makes you a
better person gives you a framework for
your life keeps you out of trouble
that's all good stuff I mean some of the
finest people I've ever met are deeply
religious and I don't think that's a
coincidence so a very pro religion but
I'm going to say some things in a moment
that could actually destroy your
religious belief so I would ask you and
I'm serious about this
I'm completely serious if you don't want
to take that risk because religion is
good in your life you should turn this
off and not listen alright here's what I
would do if I were trying to deprogram
religious terrorists let's say an
Islamic terrorist the only way you can
do it is to deprogram their religion you
have to do that you can't really
deprogram just probably again this all
would have to be tested but my sense of
it is you probably would not succeed
keeping their religion intact and just
trying to get rid of that bad Bart I
think that's - that's too fine a I don't
think the surgery could be that fine so
I think instead you would have to get
rid of their religion and that's why
I've asked you to turn off this
broadcast if you don't want to have
anything about your religious belief you
know perform a question in your mind it
goes like this I've never known anybody
who has studied the history of religion
and and all of the different religions
and how they formed and you know who
believes what across the world who in my
opinion believes that it's true or
believes any one of their religions is
true now I don't think any of you agree
with that right probably a hundred
percent of you just said well that's not
true
there must be tons of people who study
the history of religion and are still
religious in fact probably most of you
are gonna say I think most people who
study it keep their religion well I'm
going to make a distinction two kinds of
beliefs
there's one kind of belief where you
really believe it I mean you really
really believe it
it is literally your truth but there's
another kind of belief and I'll call it
a lifestyle belief I wrote about this in
God's debris it goes like this if you're
gonna cross the street and there's a
truck coming your direction and you know
that walking in front of it would put
you in front of the oncoming truck do
you say I don't believe there's a truck
there you know walk out in front of it
no your belief in the truck is the real
kind belief that if you walk in front of
the truck it will kill you is the real
true kind of belief the other kind is
I'm gonna you know be this religious
kind of person I'm gonna buy into the
lifestyle I'm gonna pray I'm gonna tell
myself it's true I'm gonna act like it's
true but it's different that's a
lifestyle belief and I think there's
nothing wrong with I'm certainly not
insulting it in any way I believe that
if you show somebody all the different
religions it becomes immensely obvious
that they're all invented by people
sorry if you didn't know that that's why
I asked you to turn off the the stream
most people don't know that I would say
I know 80% of the world
80% of believers would not be aware that
the if you looked at the history of
religion and how they grew and what what
they have in common it's cetera it's
really obvious that they're just
invented by people once you see that I
think and this is the hypothesis subject
to testing it would move some number of
people not all from that real kind of
belief the kind of where you walk into
it in front of a truck is really going
to kill you too the other kind of belief
where it's a lifestyle because you can't
really ask a devout Muslim who's you
know brought up in the life to get rid
of that they might want to keep the
lifestyle just get rid of the literal
belief and move it into more about
prints belief if you will now would that
work don't know maybe works for someone
maybe doesn't work for others would it
work in conjunction with other things I
don't know might but the point is that
you could create a lab where you had
actual terrorists and then you could
test you could hook up up to you know
brain brain monitors sensors and you
could say okay let's test you with a
variety of images based on your old
belief you know your current belief that
you're a terrorist and they probably get
happy when they saw terrorist act for
example then you then you work your
tests and then you test them again you
put the bread brain sensors on you so
you show them the same images and you
see if anything is different so if it
worked you could move somebody from
being excited that there was a terrorist
act like actually that part of the brain
guard yeah bunch people got killed too
putting the sensors on and now they
think oh god that looks like a big
mistake
and I think you could measure that
directly in the brain so are we doing
that anywhere if I had to guess probably
we press probably somewhere in the
government or maybe it's another country
somebody's testing this and if they're
not I'm pretty disappointed in the
governments of the world all right so
there's that you can add only one other
thing I wanted to talk about transgender
sports this is for those of you who
haven't already to down so I want to
leave you with just this one thought
experiment the way sports are currently
organized throwing some transgender
athletes into the mix is seems terribly
dangerous in some cases and unfair
people would say to women in other cases
but that's as sports are currently
organized what if we simply said about
everybody plays on the league that
they're capable that's it just everybody
plays wherever they're capable if you're
if you're a woman and you can play in
the NBA okay why not now
the reason that people say no no this is
not fair is that women would never be
the best in the sport for most important
I guess so people say it's terribly
unfair you know women would not ever be
the best now I've gotten rid of the
problem that the transgender athlete
would be too good because if you just
rate everybody availability and you can
play in a co-ed team if that's where you
fall out then there's no worry about
transgenders dominating the sport
they're just put in the mix with
everybody else but it does have this one
problem there would seem terribly unfair
to women because they couldn't play on a
team with you know just women if they
cared about that and they couldn't have
any stars and I would like to put this
thought into the mix technology has
fixed that if you gave me a choice of
watching Serena Williams play a hundred
and ten pound female that she's going to
absolutely obliterate and you already
know it before you turn on the TV or
Serena Williams plays the number two
hundredth ranked man which if I could
watch watching Serena play the band
every time I think you would have a
similar reaction or at least enough
people would that eventually you would
have you know you would have some kind
of fairness now somebody said title nine
you know goodbye I think you could still
be fair to women by letting them play at
as many teams as they want funding them
equally making sure they have the same
resources etc but teams are just
sometimes co-ed or all the time co-ed
but you don't always have a situation
where there would be a woman on the most
elite teams one would assume so here's
the thing would would Serena Williams
make as much money let's say in
endorsements and championship victories
and stuff
that would she make as much money if she
played a semi Cohen and the answer is
not the way it's organized now but how
hard would it be to change it all you'd
have to do is say you know more people
are gonna watch Serina play the 203 man
that are going to watch to 12th ranked
men play each other I think that's true
so the only thing I'm adding to this
conversation so you don't think it's the
same conversation over and over I see
somebody in the comments saying that is
that the use of technology allows you to
watch the the match you want and if
there were ever if ever there was
interest in watching women play sports
and obviously there is shouldn't be a
problem you can watch anything you want
all right I'm just gonna put that in the
next kiss it's a fun topic
somebody says Serena would get crushed
Scott that is the dumbest you think
I've seen today
somebody said Serena would get crushed
by the 200 ranked tennis player who's a
male there's a dub-dub statement I'm
sorry that's just so stupid
not because you're wrong it might
actually be treated that the 200 rights
man would be Serena but you're arguing
about the 200 part if you have to go to
300 it's the same point all
right so you need to up your game a
little bit you need to improve your
argument game a little bit better if
you're arguing about that the 200 was
the wrong number you're just on the
wrong argument all right this is an
example all right sorry I did be too
square there let's stuff for today I'll
talk to you tomorrow