okay that's enough checking the stock
market it's not looking so good
today but let me get your comments up
here and then we'll put on a show the
show that you
deserve come on comments let's
go doesn't seem to be
working there it
is slow but
functional good
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a CPP or muger a
glass a tank or CH a stey canteen jug a
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it's going to
happen right now
go so good well do you want to talk
about mostly good news
today about a day of mostly good news
all right number one good news the uh
astronauts should be back sometime later
this
afternoon uh Willmore and Williams and
they're board spacex's crew Dragon
capsule and if everything goes well Elon
Musk will have one of the greatest saves
of all
time sort of legendary the there was
only one person in the world who could
have saved those astronauts you his
company that is
and it's sure looking good so I don't
want to get ahead of it but everything
looks good right now so we might see
that around uh 6:00 p.m is uh eastern
time in other news did you know that gas
is cheaper than a year ago and egg
prices are collapsing and those are the
two things that people talked about the
most when they talked about inflation
and both of them quite down have you
heard the Dem rats complaining about egg
prices lately nope have the Democrats
been complaining about gas prices lately
nope now I don't know what Trump did or
did not do that would have affected
either of these things you maybe it's
just the market adjusting and maybe it
was just going to happen on its own but
uh the way it works is the incumbent
always gets credit and always gives
blame so if we play by those rules Trump
gets the
credit uh but one thing that didn't
happen is we're not seeing the tariffs
or anything else
increasing the cost of those Basics so
has anybody seen any costs go up because
of
tariffs uh I have
not so we'll see and other good news uh
do you remember there were a couple of
IRS
whistleblowers who uh wanted to
investigate Hunter Biden but they were
told they couldn't do it and they were
ostracized well the two ostracized IRS
whistleblowers just got
promoted to in the treasury Department
so being a
whistleblower is a tough work and it's
risky and they definitely paid for it
but according to the New York Post both
of them now promoted all right I like
that more good news even more good news
U Ben
Shapiro is going to host a five-part
series called the case for Derek Chauvin
so the daily wire uh will have that
content so Derek Chauvin as you know the
one who was in jail for allegedly
killing um George
Floyd So Ben Shapiro decided to sort of
take take on this uh what I would call a
great Injustice because I think he was
just I think it was just a racial
outcome um we'll see if that makes a
difference now
he's um bench Bureau explains that there
are some federal charges but there are
also the state charges so you know Trump
couldn't pardon any state charges so I
don't think there's any chance Derek
schauen will get out of jail but I like
the fact that uh Ben is being so gutsy
and he's
he's gutsy in the service of the right
the right thing meaning that if you're
going to if you're going to put yourself
out there and you're going to take a
risk it should be for something
important and to me this is pretty
important because the Derek Chauvin
thing was just in my opinion pure racism
and uh so if he can get that fixed that
would be great uh you want an update on
fonny Willis you know the da who was
going after Trump well there was a part
of that process where she was asked to
produce some
records um and she decided not to and
now she's being uh fined by the court of
$554,000 to pay
for I guess lawyer fees and other stuff
so fonny Willis did not put Trump in
jail but it just cost her $54,000
so that's good
news um so allegedly sometime today
Trump will be releasing all in quotes
all the JFK files do you believe that so
80,000 pages and he wants it to be all
unredacted how many of you believe that
the JFK files will be released they'll
be unredacted and they be complete and
there'll be something in there that we
didn't know that
matters not a
chance not a chance if if anything was
in there that mattered that would have
been that would have been taken out of
there so long ago I mean I there's no
part of me that thinks there's any
possibility that we're going to read
these documents and it's going to say
something like oh wow the CIA worked
with the mafia
or uh it it was actually the Federal
Reserve decided to kill Kennedy or it
was some foreign
country
no it that's not going to be there
probably whatever the Warren report
reported it'll be just something to back
that up so don't expect
much well Harvard has
announced um that they're going to um be
tuition free
for students who come from families with
annual incomes of 200,000 or less
starting in the coming year so imagine
going to Harvard for
free because your family made 200,000 or
less now probably that sounds to you
like
wow how are they going to make money but
I'm not sure about this but I'll bet
there aren't that many people who apply
to Harvard
who do who do not have parents who are
making between the two of them 200,000
or more I'll bet they're not a lot of
people in that category because you know
by the time you had enough let's say
Scholastic support to be qualified to go
to Harvard it says something about your
socioeconomic situation so it's not
going to be a lot of people applying who
totally are
qualified uh and yet they're parents
make less than 200,000 but here's my
question are white males included in
this it kind of doesn't say does it so
you know the Dei was a big thing but now
the universities are trying to pretend
they're not doing
Dei so is this just a backdoor Dei
play do you do you think that they're
going to accept um basically white guys
who who qualify totally and they're
going to give them free educations if
they're if they're family income is
under
200,000 I'm going to say I'd believe
that when I see it but I'm not I'm not
uh not prepared to believe it just by
assumption to me I would expect that
Harvard would continue to be
racist and that they would it would uh
show itself in this policy as as well
there's no there's no reporting on that
there's no indication they'll be racist
but given that they have a long racist
past what would you
expect all right here's some uh fake
news the Associated Press had to
withdraw their own story that they had a
story that said that Tulsi gabard had
said that Trump and Putin are very good
friends do you remember seeing that
story I I saw it when it was new
and I swear to God as soon as I read it
I said ah fake news and didn't even
think about it again because it seemed
so obviously fake news well it turns out
that Tulsi was talking about U Indian
Prime Minister Modi and so it was fake
news and now the AP is withdrawing their
story that's kind of a big one to get
wrong you know the difference between
Trump his best friends with the Prime
Minister Modi you know one of our are
more important
allies
versus he's best friends with Putin
that's a really big difference really
big meanwhile the swatting continue so
you probably know on if you're on a you
probably know oneita broad wck so she
got
swatted so about 10 police and SWAT team
showed up at her house man that is not
funny let me tell you um
so far nobody's been
hurt so I'm going to give police some
credit for that but uh I think it was
yesterday or the night before there was
a uh gentleman who I don't know but
somebody must have been in the
podcasting business who got swatted and
when he tells his story oh my God is it
chilling so imagine if you will that you
hear a noise or you're video camera
picks up something and you know there's
somebody sort of outside your door and
apparently he could see the
silhouette of a male carrying a
rifle who was basically trying his
doorknob and he was
armed and he had a dog that looked like
maybe the dog could take care of
business too so this was a conservative
guy who took him about 10 seconds to
find his own wife weapon and he had
somebody who with a silhouette of a
rifle trying to enter his
home without any announcement you know
no bullhorns no no
nothing now the good news is that you
know he asked who they were before he
opened fire and they identified
themselves as police and that everything
was fine so there were no problems but
you can't get any closer to
dead than that that's as close as you
can get to Dead
so this swatting stuff I sure hope
there's a way to find out who's doing it
so we can get some of them in jail it's
uh it's really
deserving anyway in uh bunch of
lawmakers in
uh where is it
Wisconsin I think it's Wisconsin are
trying to uh trying to make it uh part
of the uh
medical um I guess medical definition
that Trump derangement syndrome would be
defined as a mental
illness and the symptoms would include
Trump induced General
hysteria inability to distinguish
between legitimate policy differences
and signs of psychic
pathology now I don't think there's any
chance that the uh that will become law
but it's
hilarious it's hilarious that is being
uh presented and by the way I think it
is a mental illness so it's not
hilarious because it's just a prank it's
hilarious because it's true that if we
took any of this
seriously we would have Trump
derangement syndrome listed as an actual
mental illness because if you've been
paying attention it's definitely a
mental illness I mean if you know
anybody who has it
you know what I'm talking about it's not
normal it doesn't help their life it
makes them deeply unhappy and nothing
that they see makes sense so they're
hallucinating and full of anxiety and
depression and I mean that's the very
definition of a mental illness so that's
not going anywhere but it's
funny uh meanwhile uh whoopy Goldberg on
The View she said that if Trump can
Deport terce he can Deport any one of us
H let me check the logic if he can
Deport a
terrorist then he can deport
anybody let's see if we can uh take that
that logic up a level so if you can put
a murderer in jail for
murder you could put anybody in jail for
anything if you
can send a missile at the
hoodies well what's to stop you from
sending a missile at the
view if you
can I think you see where this is
going well what kind of dumbass
analysis is it to say that if you can if
you can Deport a terrorist or somebody
that you think is you know leaning in
that direction or supporting the
terrorist that you can Deport any one of
us I don't know sounds a little like
Trump derangement syndrome
perhaps anyway Virginia crw at the daily
wires reporting on
that uh I don't know if you saw it but
on CNN the Harry enton their their
polling and data guy uh was just having
a wild time talking about how poorly
Democrats are polling at the moment so
the Democrat Party and I guess it's the
record low approval for I don't know how
many years it's been uh and uh multiple
polls are showing the same thing just
just
wildly low opinions of the Democrat
Party even you know even within the
Democrats um and then here's the funny
part uh 65% of Democrats say that they
should stay
principled uh even if nothing gets done
so they'd rather stick to their princip
princip no matter how bad that is for
the
world because they want to stick to
their
principle now that's mental illness
isn't
it you know that doesn't feel like oh
you're you're such a guru you're like
the Buddha you're sticking to your
principle well not if it just makes
everything
worse you know sometimes you got to
negotiate with the people that you don't
like anyway um so if you haven't seen
yet John Stewart of The Daily Show
mocking Chuck
Schumer oh my God does he go at him
brutally know he's done it before but he
he takes it to a whole new
level he's just absolutely savaging
Chuck
Schumer have you noticed have you
noticed that the only way Democrats can
get attention in the current environment
is to attack other Democrats
have you noticed that because when they
attack Trump it's just background noise
because they all attack Trump and they
say the same things literally they say
the same things because they have the
same script and everything so attacking
Trump doesn't get them any attention at
all but attacking their own team well
I'm talking about it
now so um so the the thing that's
happening with the Democrats is the more
they hate Trump Trump which seems to
increase every day the more they hate
Trump the more they hate the Democrat
Party for not fighting
Trump so that's called a death spiral or
circling the
drain if the more you hate your opponent
makes you hate your own team even more
for not doing enough to hate the
opponent and do something about
it that that looks
unrecoverable it just looks like
everything things just going to keep
getting worse for the Democrats death
spiral
um and I don't know why it's so funny
but the democrat's complete lack of
awareness and complete lack of talent at
this point it just is funny so Don Lemon
was on Bill Mah's Club random and Don
Lemon said that uh you he's talking
about who the leaders of the Democrat
Party are should be he says people love
AOC Jasmine Crockett and Eric swell
democrats should prioritize putting them
out there
more that's right Don you're totally
right we'd like to see more AOC Jasmine
Crockett and Eric
swell
please I would like that because that's
a lot like giving
up in fact it's exactly like giving up
because the more we see these three
characters the lower the approval will
be for
Democrats and how could Don Lemon not be
aware of that do you think he really
doesn't
know what people think of those three
characters I don't know I guess AOC is
now polling at the top to be the uh
she's the closest thing to the Democrat
views According to some poll
so good luck with that Democrats good
luck all right so I told you I was going
to be optimistic today so we know that
Trump is
absolutely demolishing the Democrats in
the polling so the Democrat Party looks
like the worst that's been
forever and Trump remains at what looks
like a high point for Trump so he's he's
he's at a high point of popularity for
himself
while they're at a low point but could
it get worse for
Democrats well let's let's walk through
a couple of what
ifs what if the whole tariff situation
works out
perfectly now I'm not predicting it but
it's
possible what if as Kevin oir points out
uh he was on geld he says every single
tariff scheduled on every product in
every country has never been looked at
this way you know he's talking about the
reciprocal tariffs and all the other
tariffs he goes what happens both sides
look at each other and say how about no
tariffs because tariffing each other
just will lead to ruin because we'll
increase ours they'll increase theirs um
and then apparently Scott bassent has
already said that going into April 2 now
some of our most balanced trading
partners come forward and want to drop
their
tariffs so what Kevin o is saying is
that you know the Tariff um threat is
going to cause countries to Simply
negotiate what should have been the
Tariff situation in the first place
which is no
tariffs so what
if that's what happens and what if it
happens before summer and what if all
the noise that Democrats made about
tariffs ruining the world turned into
nothing
but other countries removing their
tariffs and we do
too that would be one of the greatest
economic plays of all
time and I'm not going to predict it's
going to happen because you know there
there's lots of complexity there but
there's a really good chance there
something sort of directionally like
that will happen that you'll never see
any serious inflation because the risk
of tariffs did all the work we didn't
need the tariffs we just needed the
threat of tariffs and that would be a
perfect Trump outcome now remember I
always say that Trump doesn't Bluff he
will definitely tarff your ass so if you
decide that you want to fight it out
well good luck he's just going to tear a
few into Oblivion and he really will and
it's not a
bluff so all the smart people are going
to say you know what would be better is
about if we just try to compete
something like
that all right so what if tariffs work
out here's another one what if
everything about Doge works
out what if Doge actually solves our
biggest existential threat which is
Runaway
spending it could I
mean they're seemingly doing the right
stuff to make that happen and seemingly
making lots of progress now there's lots
more to go they're nowhere near getting
rid of a trillion or two dollars but boy
do they have um a grip on things so I
feel like you know Elon Musk and his
doge team are like
pitbulls and so the the real question is
did did they close their close their
jaws on this thing and I think the
answer is
yes so you can't predict exactly where
the Doge thing will end up but I think
they're in full Pitbull we've got your
ass in our grip right now and we're not
letting go ever
so what
if Doge works
out do you know what the history books
will not say about Doge if it all works
out here's what the history books will
not say you know I thought they used a
little too much chainsaw and not enough
scalpel just think about it all that
matters with doge is does it work we're
not going to care in the long run
whether there were some
imperfections we're not going to really
care if the Democrats said oh it's two
chains soy not enough not enough scalpel
nobody's going to care about any of that
they're going to Care did you save the
country from an existential debt problem
yes or no if the answer is yes Doge will
go down in history as one of the
greatest things that ever happened and
one of the most difficult most
challenging and most I could argue even
most
patriotic because what musk is doing is
the ultimate
patriotic act he's he's putting
his physical body at risk this is
dangerous stuff he's putting his other
businesses at tremendous
risk and he's doing it because the
alternative is we all
die that's the ultimate patriotic act
you you can't be more patriotic than
that the full
self-sacrifice for a life and death
situation that would affect billions
because it would be more than us if we
if we go
down so tariffs might work out and Doge
might work out and both of them seem to
be trending
positive what if they do so then you
would have Trump not causing inflation
and inflation coming down you would have
trade deals improved you would have Doge
not just cutting costs but
maybe regulations as well so just
imagine that world our our energy our
energy uh businesses are fully
unfettered we stop being completely
crippled by weird climate change
assumptions we fix our uh International
tariff
situation and uh we reduce our
debt that's all completely do able you
know you can't yet can't yet predict
that it's all going to go right but it's
all heading in the right direction and
the right people are working on it and
doing the right things about
it I I've got a prediction that by the
third year of the Trump
presidency everything's going to kick in
because a lot of this stuff is kind of
slow you it takes a while to work its
way through the
system Elon Musk was on uh I think was a
Ted Cruz
podcast and he said that uh they've
discovered a bunch of Magic Money
computers at the treasury Magic Money
computers and uh I'll do the best to
explain what that is so this is Elan M
explanation he said you would think the
government computers all talk to each
other and are
synchronized uh and the numbers you see
are real numbers you know they're
they're not Magic Money computer but but
apparently the Magic Money computers are
computers that just make money on a thin
air they just issue
payments so they don't check to see if
money exists they just issue the
payments so if they issue the payments
it's like the money
existed um they're mostly at the
treasury some are at uh Health and Human
Services and some at State and DOD but
they found 14 Magic Money computers that
just send out
money uh out of nothing
so how important is it that he found the
Magic Money computers oh my God the the
things that Doge has already
discovered um you know dismantling the
whole NGO I well I hope that's what
happens but at least we understand what
the NGO situation was the usaid
situation all all what looks like a
massive money laundering scheme and a
power sort of a power scheme for
Democrats what if we unwind all of
that because it looks like we
might I don't know all of it might be
too much meanwhile there's a discovery
of the University of Texas at Austin
Mario nul is reporting on this um we've
discovered over8 billion dollar of rare
earth in the US that could end our
dependence on
China but
um are you having the same feeling I am
which is 8 billion of rare earth feels
like not nearly enough Rare Earth but
apparently what they found is that
uh they can get into their our coal ash
landfills so I didn't know we had coal
ash landfills but apparently those
landfills aren't doing anything else
useful but if we dig through them you
can recover a whole bunch of rare earth
materials from the cold whole Ash
landfills I guess we got a bunch of them
in the
US
and the study was backed by the US
Department of energy so 8.4 billion
doesn't seem like enough does it it
seems like the headline and the numbers
don't match that somehow this is going
to make us you know nearly independent
from Chinese rare earth materials but
only 8 billion I don't know just feels
low
meanwhile MSNBC host Simone Sanders
Townsend um she decided that the
Democrats are so lame her party that
she's been advising for and you know
entral component of the party she's
decided she's leaving the Democratic
party to become an
independent how
embarrassing do the Democrats have to
become before Simone Sanders towns and
says publicly I'm out
because her world is
Democrats like the primary thing she
does is take jobs supporting
Democrats didn't she work on Sanders
campaign and then Biden's
campaign imagine somebody at that level
of access and you know influence just
saying I'm out Democrats are you just
you've just lost it so
again how do Democrats get attention
mostly by attacking other
Democrats here's another
example let's talk about Iran and the
hoodies there was a story that's been
debunked that uh somehow an Iranian
intelligence ship was sunk by US forces
but apparently that doesn't that didn't
happen that is fake news I believe um
but as you know we're bombing the
hoodies because they're they're
attacking uh ships in the Red Sea and
Trump has made some pretty direct
threats to Iran because Iran backs the
hoodies so he's he's sort of saying that
we're holding Iran responsible for
everything the hoodies do so that kind
of suggests there might be some military
plans against
Iran but uh that's not the most popular
thing in the world marjerie Taylor green
uh wants you to know that she opposes
war in the Middle East so she's not down
with attacking
Iran um I don't know if that means she's
not down with the attacks on the hoodies
because that has a very narrow ambition
which is to make shipping uh cheaper and
Thomas Massie agrees with marjerie
Taylor green how many of you just in the
comments how many of you think our best
play is to just completely
withdraw any kind of action or support
or military action in the Middle East
how many how many think that's our best
play because I don't
know I I was trying to think what would
happen if we just said okay I guess
there's nothing we can do about the Red
Sea being unavailable to us so we'll
just let our our other
competitors you know our International
competitors for trade will just let them
have really low costs because they don't
get attacked but we won't be able to use
the lowcost shipping Network we'll use
the expensive one and we'll just always
do that because the alternative would be
War well you know the way that the US
has um projected power in the past and
Mike Ben is great at explaining all this
is that our military was always sort of
joined at the hip with our big
corporations meaning that it was far
more likely that our military would get
involved somewhere where if things went
well uh our big corporations would have
more access to
Natural um to resources and more access
to
markets so it's not unusual for us to do
warlike things just to make our
Economics work better the you know it's
a long history we do that so my trouble
with the attacking the hoodies is how
could that possibly
work how could we possibly punish the
hoodies to the point where there's not
another hoodie willing to launch another
missile because we're not going to kill
every single hoodie and if you have one
left the Iranians are going to say Hey
you one hoodie who was left you want to
shoot a rocket we'll we'll put it there
and we'll teach you how to use it you
just push this
button I don't think the hoodies can be
stopped because we're we're not really
used to enemies that don't care about
dying and and have some larger purpose
that's Beyond
Survival we don't really know how to
deal with that and the Middle East is
full of that so what do you
do um I don't
know but meanwhile the least surprising
thing in the Middle East is that the
Gaza CES far didn't
hold do do you think there's anybody
here who couldn't predict that the AA
ceasefire wouldn't hold did you think
that the that the Hamas was going to
give back all the hostages did anybody
think they were going to do that no so
it was pretty much guaranteed that even
if we got a few hostages
back the ceasefire wasn't going to hold
because either they would not give us
back the hostages or something now
there's there's also some uh some
reporting that says that Israel thinks
there was going to be another October
7th like attack well I don't know about
that um but maybe maybe they were
planning that and so I guess 400 more
than 400 people were killed according to
you know one unreliable
report um but it's getting pretty
brutal and would you like to hear the
alternative to basically killing every
person in Gaza so what would be the
alternative well uh Egypt has a proposal
for what to do with Gaza and it's backed
by Saudi Arabia so let me let me see if
you think this is a practical proposal
so they would bring in thousands of
mobile homes to put the you know Gaza
displaced people in and they would be
safely in their little homes while while
Gaza is cleaned up and you know and
services are restored so that would take
a long time but they would they would
happily be in their mobile
homes uh offsite so they wouldn't be in
Gaza but they'd be nearby and and they
would uh encourage Hamas to talk with
the Palestinian
Authority the the people in charge of
the the other Palestinians who are not
in Gaza and uh between them they would
set up some kind of a government or a
governing
structure that would be more of a
technocrat cabinet it meaning it
wouldn't be you know Hardline anything
it would just be people who know how to
keep the lights on so they would be
technocrats uh what do you think of that
and then oh and then they would uh
eventually negotiate the creation of a
Palestinian
State um there's really no chance any of
that's going to
happen because Israel seems to be quite
dead set on the fact that no Hamas is
ever going to go back into Gaza or have
any extra power in you know in any other
area around them so there's really no
chance that Israel would ever allow this
to happen because you know if even three
Hamas leaders are all that's left and
every other person is killed they're
still not going to let the
three into any kind of a government
power position and I think the Hamas
wants to maintain its
military do you see any
possibility that Israel will say okay
okay it looks like you've learned your
lesson so you can keep what's left of
your
military not a chance the Hamas leaders
and the Hamas military are going to be
ground down to nothing or else Israel is
not going to feel like they're
done um and again if you're new to me
I'm not backing Israel I'm just
observing so I don't support Israel or
back it because it's not my
country um and even though they're
allies that doesn't mean we have to
agree with everything they do sometimes
you can just observe it and say all
right if we were in that situation what
would we be doing and since I don't see
much difference between what they're
doing and what we would do in the same
situation um not condemning
it because countries do what's in their
best interest and Israel is definitely
doing what they perceive to be in their
best
interest so when companies are when
countries are doing what's in their best
interest that's not a moral
ethical you know who do you like
situation it's just oh of course they're
doing what's in their best interest they
have the
power so they're getting over on the
other side if the if Hamas had all the
power
don't you think they would be destroying
Israel and doing a lot of bad things out
of what they would think is Revenge of
course they would and I wouldn't be in
favor of that either so it's not whether
I'm in favor of anything so this is
important I'm not in favor of anything
and I'm not against anything I'm just
observing and if Israel is doing what
Israel thinks is in their best national
interest what would you expect them to
do like should they act act not in their
best
interest so I don't have anything to say
about that it's just an observation
we're just watching
basically the only question we have is
is what involvement we want so I think
margorie Taylor green and Thomas Massie
would probably say how about a little
less involvement over there or maybe a
lot less and uh it's good we have those
voices even if you don't agree with them
you know we it would be scary if
everybody in the United States Congress
said oh yeah maximum attack don't want
that all right in other news um Trump
has revoked the Secret Service detail
for both Hunter Biden and Ashley Biden
Hunter Biden as we found out from Laura
lomer who's got the uh exclusive on this
she found out that Hunter Biden was
living at least for now in South Africa
and he had up to
18 uh Secret Service people on his
detail who who had to also be in South
Africa because that's where he
is do you know how expensive it would be
to keep 18 Secret Service people
employed and fed and housed at a seaside
resort now I don't know where their
rooms are but that's where Hunter
is anyway so uh so Hunter got
loomered as we like to say Laura lumer
basically took away his took away his
secret service detail now Trump is the
one who did it but um nobody knew where
he was until Laura lumer got that
scoop
um so you probably heard that Trump has
declared uh void the preemptive pardons
that Joe Biden did before he left office
and the thinking is that were signed by
the
autopen and that uh Biden was not
mentally capable to know what he was
doing and therefore they're not valid
now I don't think there's any chance
well what Trump says he says it's not my
decision it'll be up to the court but I
would say that they're null and void
meaning the pardons now I like the way
he's caging it because Trump has been
consistent in obeying the court
uh the one time he didn't was with the
trenda ragua Venezuelans he was sending
back in the plains but his argument is
that they were already in international
waters so the judges ruling didn't apply
so that's the closest he's been to let's
say uh refusing the Court's orders but
he has an argument which again could be
resolved by higher court so as long as
Trump stays in the world which says if
the Court tells me I have to do
something I'll do
it it's a lot less
dictatorial right if he was saying I
don't care what the court says I'm going
to avoid these pardons I I would say
okay that's too
far I'm not I'm not cool with that but
if he says I have this
opinion but it would have to be
validated by the courts or at least not
stopped by the courts then I say okay
that's a bold and provocative thing
you're looking at there
but you're not breaking any laws because
you you get to interpret things as the
you know chief executive and the courts
get to tell you if that was right or
wrong or if it's going to fly so as long
as he's within within the bounds of our
system um I'm a little more supportive
now I don't think that he thinks he
could win this in the courts because I
don't see how the court would ever prove
that Joe Biden and didn't know what he
was doing that that would be hard to
prove you'd be sort of proving a
negative it'd be one thing to prove he
did know what he was doing but how do
you prove he didn't know I don't know
now do you remember the story that Mike
Johnson told where he he met with Biden
when Biden was president and he asked
him why did you sign this thing that I
think had to do with natural gas why do
you do sign this thing that's you know
bad for
Louisiana and Biden said I didn't do
that and Mike Johnson said you
definitely did that you just did that
and then Biden called in his assistant
and said did I do that and then with a
little bit of digging found out yes he
had signed something that he was not
aware of Now That's Mike Johnson's
telling of it have you heard the
Democrat telling of that same
story uh I did not until I until I
brought it up with my uh smart Democrat
friend so I've got a smart Democrat
friend I said well you know that that
thing about the
autopen it's not insane because that
Mike Johnson story suggests that Biden
didn't know what he was signing which
means maybe the autopen signed that
thing that he didn't know about but
here's the Democrat version of that
story The the part that um that Mike
Johnson was complaining about was a
small part of a larger more complicated
Bill and so if you missed that this
larger more complicated bill that people
are not complaining about in
general um had this one negative thing
for Louisiana that that would have been
easy to miss and as soon as Biden was
informed oh there was this unintended
consequence you know with this detail
that you maybe were not aware of then
Biden reversed at least the Louisiana
part of
it now does that sound true to
you it's a pretty good
defense but here's my
question do you think that Bill Clinton
would have made that
mistake or would he he asked enough
questions and understood it well enough
to know what he was signing and to know
it would
influence maybe Louisiana in a bad way I
don't know
what about Obama do you think Obama
would have not noticed he was signing
something that had a downside that
wasn't obvious I don't know so without
really digging into what that bill was
and and forming my own opinion I'm going
to say it's pretty good defense from the
Democrat side if that's your argument
pretty good I don't know what's true I
don't know if a reasonable person would
have he caught it I don't know but at
least they have a
defense um Stephen Miller was uh on TV
on the news talking about the alien
enemies Act of 1798 that's the one that
uh Trump used to deport the Venezuelan
gangs and apparently the trick here is
that the it has to be something coming
from a nation not just a gang but but
there's some kind of documentation that
shows that
Venezuela um
intentionally was sending the the bad
people to the US now if
Venezuela which would feel itself sort
of a an enemy to the United States based
on current interactions if they're an
enemy to the United States and they did
something that's bad for the United
States by sending in armed
Killers then is that close enough to
being an alien
enemy you know is is that a
stretch well again I suppose if the
courts stopped it then Trump would stop
it but they they got clever and they
made sure that the plane had was an
international orders before any rulings
came down but speaking of getting lumed
turns out that the judge who tried to
reverse the planes and say no you can't
send these people away I I don't think
the alien enemies Act of 1798 applies to
this situation so turn those planes
around even if they're in the
air would you be surprised to learn that
the judge's daughter is heavily involved
in leftist
politics would you be surprised to learn
that the judge's spouse is super
involved like really activist both his
wife and his
daughter are total
anti-trumpers now do you think he should
have accused himself because same
judge uh was involved in uh what was he
involved in he was involved in uh Foya
stuff he was involved in Ray EPS stuff
and that judge that made that ruling
apparently attended at least one of
Trump's trials in person and stood in
the back to watch what
happened now how many judges go to other
trials to watch
them this guy was
so oh
yeah this guy was so deeply anti- Trump
and his his wife and his daughter that
uh conflict of interest doesn't even
come
close this is like the ultimate conflict
of interest just absurd ridiculous
conflict of interest and so Laura lumer
had the uh the goods on the daughter and
so so that judge is getting lumed we're
making that a Laura makes that a a verb
I like it getting
lumed anyway um so today is the day that
uh Trump is going to have a phone call
with
Putin uh I don't know about the time
zones so perhaps that's already happened
um I I feel like it would happen early
in the day on I don't know if it's
happened but um I'm not seeing a great
hope that a deal will be made right away
it doesn't seem to me that you know one
phone call is going to work it out now
we have been getting indications from
the Trump Administration that they're
close close close to some kind of a deal
but I don't think so I I feel like that
might be just optimism and there's
always going to be a new
wrinkle um but I'll tell you something I
saw on the podcast trigonometry which is
one of the great podcasts out there so
the trigonometry Duo had uh Boris
Johnson
on and I had never heard this
view of the Ukraine Russia
situation now you know Democrats say
Democrats say some people say uh it's
obvious that Russia started the war
because they militarily crossed the
border with the milit with you know with
forces so so a lot of people say that's
the start of the war so they're to blame
but then other people say wait a minute
they had warned long ago that if Ukraine
was looking at being a
NATO um member that that was a red line
and that would force military action so
really you could blame the United States
and Europe for creating a situation that
guaranteed he would attack because he
said under no situation are you going to
put you know this this other NATO
country on my
doorstep but then Boris Johnson has a
third
interpretation which is that long
before um the actual military actions uh
Putin had said in writing and I guess he
said it a number of times
that his ambition basically was to take
over Ukraine and that he had arguments
about history and why it all make sense
and why they're really part of Russia
and that the NATO membership according
to Boris Johnson was never imminent
meaning that you know maybe it might
happen in 20 years but there was nothing
happening in Ukraine that would make the
NATO count say yeah why don't you join
NATO so his take
is that Russia simply used the NATO
thing as a pretext to do the thing he
was going to do one way or
another and I say to
myself
huh I can't rule that
out so have you ever heard that
take I I've heard mostly takes about how
we we poked Russia you know by
threatening NATO and that would mean
missiles that are too close to them and
all kinds of stuff and that it's
basically our fault and I've been taking
that view I've been taking the view that
if you poke the bear it's not you can't
say the bear started the fight when the
bear kills
you you know even though the bear
started the violence it didn't really
start the fight it was you poking it
with a
stick but if you imagine that the stick
poking was all a fake premise and that
there was never really any stick poking
potential it was just talk of a
stick then it does kind of support the
idea that
Putin just wanted to control as much as
he could that that made sense
historically
anyway so I'll just put that out there
um it's just weird that I'd never heard
that take before so I guess I blame
myself for being underformed about
that um
so I'm going to bet
against a speedy peace deal I think
there's going to be a lot more
negotiating and it might take weeks or
months we'll see we might have at least
one false deal like we might have at
least one false positive where where the
news says yes a deal has been agreed to
in principle and then 24 hours later
this would be the most common thing 24
hours later
Russia will say we didn't agree to
that right or or vice versa Russia will
say well you agreed to give us Crimea
and then we'd say we didn't agree to
that so I feel like there's going to be
at least one fake news report that says
yes everything's worked out peace is
coming and then one side or the other
will say no that didn't happen that's
totally made
up um
so apparently uh not too long ago
Ukraine did a fully automated attack
which was only robots and drones and it
was successful so they beat back some
Russians in at least one place um so it
makes me wonder if
since since
Trump what does it say I I'm seeing a
message from cash
Patel um
oh wow so cash Patel says he's arrested
some big um cartel member from
Mexico all right good one less cartel
member good for that so maybe the
peacekeeping force in Ukraine will be
robots would Russia like that any more
than they would like your Europe
European boots on the
ground I don't know
um so I don't see a deal happening right
away apparently On the Border speaking
of the Border uh the Mexican border so
Trump's uh putting in some more
high-tech radar to spot their drones
that's good you know I told you the
other day that fenel is way down or at
least the amount they've caught is way
down and I don't think that's because
the border is more secure there's
something else going on so I've got a
feeling that maybe our special forces or
Spooks or something are making a big
difference in the lab production in
Mexico so I think they're disrupting the
labs and that's what's happening I don't
think it's the Border itself that's
making a difference because almost all
the fenel comes through legal
checkpoints and just regular automobiles
because they don't check them all so
that's all it takes well if they only
check 2 out of
10 uh and it's cheap to make the fenel
so if you lose a shipment it's no big
deal you just make
more um yeah I I don't see that the
Border enforcement made any difference
but we'll
see meanwhile uh HUD and you know HUD
the housing group and Secretary of the
Interior plan to use federal lands for
affordable housing so Department
Department of Housing and Urban
Development Scott Turner's added that
and the department of interior secretary
Doug Bam's outfit they're going to work
together to figure out if there's some
federal land that could be used for
lowincome
housing now I don't want to be negative
Nelly but here's what I know about human
beings if I said to you hey how would
you like to leave your terrible
situation in this urban area
and move to uh well you'll be in the
middle of
Idaho uh but you'll be on Federal Land
it'll be awesome like you'll have your
own
place how many people would say yes to
that even if their current situation was
Dire and they were sleeping on the couch
and you know they didn't have any way to
you know build a life for themselves and
they may or may not be on drugs and they
may may not be in a gang how many of
them are going to say yeah yeah I think
I'll move to Idaho
and get on that federal land and get
myself a nice little house and build
myself a nice little
life I feel like nobody because people
live where they live because the other
people who live where they live would
you give up all of your friends and the
ability to easily see family members so
you could get a cheap house on
government
land I don't know anybody would do that
even if their current situation was
pretty pretty bad
so on one hand I applaud the effort
because we should just try
everything and uh maybe we maybe in the
process we figure out what works and why
it works and you know maybe you have to
move the whole family uh maybe people
would agree as groups they'd say look uh
we'll move there if you move there so
we'll have our friends and our family
there maybe so so there's definitely a
way it could work but there are also 10
ways it won't
work um and the other possibility is you
know people from low income if they move
into this nice area how long will they
stay nice will they have the will they
have the resources to even maintain it
that sort of
thing where will they work I mean the
the federal lands are not going to be
close to
jobs so so I have a lot of questions but
um also 100% in favor of let's try it
you know I I like the Trump World
entrepreneurial kind of vibe which is we
don't know if this will work but who's
got a better
idea if nobody has a better idea so if
the only thing that came out of it for
example if the only thing that came
out uh of that was we learned how to
make really inexpensive
homes well then we could take that
knowledge and you know move it somewhere
else so I'm all in but I don't think
it'll be straightforward it's going to
be a tough one tough climb well the
Chinese scientists according to the
South China Morning Post have figured
out how to turn the cancer tumors in
your body into something that your body
recognizes as
pork let me say it again Chinese
scientist
claim that they figured out how to turn
your cancer
tumors into something that the rest of
your body will identify as pork as in
coming from a pig and the reason is that
when something uh if you got a
transplant from a pig heart which is
something that's happened you would have
to give that person all kinds of drugs
for it not to be
rejected because the human body just
recognizes weight wait a minute that's
not human you you got some Pig stuff in
me so I'm going to reject that heart or
that that organ so the cleverness here
is that if you can make your body think
that the tumor is pork the body will
reject the
cancer now almost every day I tell you
there's some new cancer breakthrough
that never never uh turns out to be real
so I don't think this is any more likely
than any other but hey maybe all
right I promise you it would be mostly
good news today and I think it is
economically I think things are moving
in the right direction biggest problem
now is how do we stay out of a major war
in the Middle
East I don't see any way we could win
one so on one
hand there's no way we're going to
completely destroy Iran or make them
join our side or be our
Ally there's no way we're going to get
rid of all of the
hoodies so what exactly are we going to
do can anybody describe an end state
where bombing the hoodies turns into a
like a good situation where all the
shipping is unchallenged after that I
can't even imagine it so what would
happen if we took the you know the the
non-war path we said all right if you
guys are willing to do War and we're not
we're just going to have to get out of
town so we'll just pay 50% more for
shipping for All American Goods compared
to what all the other countries
do I I don't know we have
two completely unacceptable situations
so this is a tough one if if Trump can
navigate this and guess some kind of a
good outcome for the uh hoodie situation
and I just can't even imagine it I I
just think they the hoodies have an
unbeatable situation and if you
destroyed 99% of them it would make no
difference because the 1% would get new
rockets tomorrow and then they would
recru some more and just keep
going so there's that but economically I
think things are adding in the right
direction that's good the the stock
market of course is just worried about
the churn and the you the
uncertainty but um if you took away the
uncertainty which
will seemingly take care of itself in
several
months um I think we're fine but we'll
see all right I'm going to say bye to uh
X and YouTube and Rumble I'm going to
talk privately to the subscribers on
locals thanks everybody for joining
local subscribers I'm coming at you in
30 seconds
uhoh looks like that's not going to
work let's try something
else all right that button wasn't
working so how about if I
do Rumble in locals only yeah that
doesn't
work locals supporters
only okay so I don't have the option of
going private
apparently um so I'm going to have to
catch you
tomorrow and uh we'll try to figure out
how to close down the rumble studio and
make it all work but thanks for joining
everybody I hope you enjoyed the show
and uh today will be fun JFK
files astronauts coming back phone call
with Putin that's a lot of news today
today's going to be awesome news day all
right all right that's all for now
thanks for joining we'll see if I can
even end this stream at
all
nope so I can't figure out how to end
the stream so I'm going to need some
help killing the feeds on YouTube and
Rumble and X I think the X one will just
go away so if you watching on X I think
we'll it'll just go
away e