[Music]
ba-ba-ba-ba-bom hey Janice come on in
here what a great day it is I don't know
about where you are but here it's sunny
and perfect and I don't think I've had a
better day lately a great day you're
going to join me on this great day and
however your day started watch how it
starts getting a little bit better it
starts with a simultaneous step you
don't need much to join in all it takes
is a cover of motor glasses Stein the
cellist attacker at service a plastic
canteen a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I love coffee
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hint that makes
everything better
the simultaneous says go oh all right I
have a fun update that's probably it's
too much about me and not enough about
you but some of you have been following
my strange saga of regaining my sense of
taste so for 12 years I couldn't taste
anything or smell anything I thought I
could taste but I was really just
picking up sweet and savory and and
texture but in my mind had translated as
taste I didn't realize that I couldn't
taste at all until my taste returned but
just this week so I had some weird
non-dangerous
polyps in my eustachian tubes that for
12 years that prevented me from smelling
anything and it all came back this week
and it just made me almost crazy because
the smells were just overwhelming just
absolutely overwhelming so no matter
where I went I had super smell and my
hypothesis is that your brain gets used
to smells and then lowers them in your
attention over time because you don't
want to be diverted by every little
smell but since I haven't had a sense of
smell my brain filter seems to have lost
its knack to filter out
smells and I'm just bombarded with
smells it is the weirdest frickin thing
I swear I can almost create a 3d map of
my environment from smell alone I feel
like a like a bloodhound but here's the
funny part the reason that I went to the
doctor in the first place was not to
solve that problem I didn't even know
that was a solvable problem I went
because I had lost my hearing so about a
month ago maybe more maybe six weeks ago
I lost my hearing
now when I say lost it was down maybe
30% which is enough that you can't hear
in a crowded environment so effectively
I was deaf for the last six six weeks
and it turns out it was so save little
harmless polyps that were in my
eustachian tubes
I took some prednisone to shrink them
and yesterday I regained my hearing how
cool is that so after a month of not
being able to hear yesterday
Boop yeah it wasn't it wasn't your wax
it was you know we checked all that
stuff out so I just suddenly regained my
full sense of hearing and I think I
regained it better than it was before I
noticed the problem off to test it but
it seems perfect right now so I got my
sense of taste my sense of smell
my hearing back this week if you don't
think I'm in a good mood you don't know
what a good mood is because it's really
hard to deal with the loss of hearing
anybody who's had it can testify but
that seems to be solved so I'm in a
great great mood thank you for letting
me share that with you and the weird
weird thing is the prednisone actually
is making my hair grow back which is
temporary but it's funny it's just funny
that this week my hair would start
growing back like literally literally
the bald spots are starting to fill in
but I'm only gonna be on the prednisone
for a few more days so that won't last
but it's fine now let's talk about the
Democratic debates I couldn't make it
through the whole
bate I don't know if you could I but I
don't think it's necessary to get a
sense of where things are going because
there aren't that many people who are
gonna watch the entire debate but there
are far more people who are gonna look
at the clips and the commentary from
other people after the debate
so if you look at the clips in the
commentary and especially if you see
what the left-leaning press decides to
pull out as important well then that's
how you know if there's an impact from
the debate so as far as I can tell it
looks like the needle wasn't moved was
that is that the general consensus
you're saying then the needle didn't
move too much I'll give you a few
observations number one Biden probably
did enough to stay in the lead for now
there was some rumor that his dentures
were falling out it did look like he was
trying to all those doctors a little bit
a little bit there but I also don't
think that makes any difference because
Biden's age is already factored in so
the fact that a guy his age might have
some you know denture issues yeah yeah I
mean it makes a funny clip on TV but
yeah his his blood vessel yeah you could
start to imagine that if people sort of
sum all these things up that they they
they imagine that it adds up to
something and maybe it does but I don't
think there was enough happening last
night to move the needle too much now I
thought Harris tried to come out strong
meaning that she was trying to talk
about Trump so that she could reframe
herself as a general election politician
sort of taking the Elizabeth Warren page
and the piden page wishes to try to
think past the primaries and and frame
herself as somebody to go up against
Trump I don't think she's succeeded I
think she you know look okay but the
places where she goes off the rails is
she was jumpy she's you know if you're
listening to this you will not see me
too
a dead-on impression of jumping up and
down while I'm talking so she talks like
this I I think every time I say a
syllable I jump up in the air a little
bit and it's very off-putting because it
comes across as a lack of confidence the
other thing she did is I forget the the
joke so she made some joke there was a
you know mildly clever reference to
something Biden did Sanders his slogan
from the past or something it doesn't
matter but then on national TV she
laughs like a hyena at her own joke if
you want to be President of the United
States never laugh at your own joke
people hate that it's just it's just not
leadership vibe right you know in our
personal lives people laugh at their own
jokes I'm guilty of it more than just
about anybody I know but if I were on
stage trying to run for president I'm
not gonna laugh at my own joke I mean I
might smile at my cleverness or
something but I'm not gonna laugh that's
a bad look so I think Harris Wow maybe
broke even
I thought Bernie he had a little voice
problem which I think caused him to
strain a little bit more I think that's
what's going on here maybe he was
getting a little hoarse but that caused
him to strain and it might have been in
my imagination but it looked like he was
gonna sort of like read and he looked
like he was gonna stroke out now I've
said this about Bernie before and it's
terribly cruel but it has to be said
here it is some people choose their
preferred candidate based on policy is
and blah blah blah a lot of people I
don't know what the percentage is but
it's enough to be important maybe think
they do that but they're really picking
a fashion accessory literally not
literally figuratively let's use the
words correctly figuratively they're
picking a fashion
I've used this analogy before if you
want to pick a boyfriend or a girlfriend
and the boyfriend or girlfriend shows up
your house and you can't stand the car
they drive up when it matters because
what you want is the man or the woman
you know you're considering as your
romantic partner but the car becomes
sort of an accessory that's sort of
defining you too because you might have
to get in that car I used to drive
whereas in my 20s I had no money and I
had a car that one of my romantic
interests called a bondo car bondo being
that I guess the preparation you put out
in a car before you paint it so my car a
lot like the paint had come off and it
just ripped a well it was just it was a
disgrace of a car nobody nobody should
ever have to get in that car I was just
disgusting poorly made didn't have paint
that's how bad it was now if you don't
think that car affected my ability to
date you've never met a woman right
obviously some woman would not care but
it is of acessory you know the woman
who's not gonna want to get and get made
up for the night hey I'm looking pretty
good and then get in the bondo car and
go to the restaurant and you know the
valet Parker parking guy opens the door
and she has to get out of the bondo car
you know if you ask they might say oh
that's fine with it but the fact is it
would be human nature to care about that
now I'm making it sound like it's you
know the man with the car and the woman
who's getting in and out but reverse it
it's the same the man doesn't want to
get a nathie let's say the woman has a
car that's a book so I can beetle you
know with a little flower in the cup or
something there would be a lot of guys
who would say well I really like the
woman who's in the car but I don't want
to take a chance of ever being in that
car right so the point is that we think
we use reasons and logic and we think we
care about things that matter or we
think we don't care about the
Maddox but that's not human humans do
care about the cosmetics and here's
where I'm going with this if you tell me
Scott your president will be Barack
Obama I say to myself well I might like
his policies I might not lock use
policies but he's kind of cool I like
that Association you know you could hate
Obama he's still kind of cool he's a
good accessory I don't mind that my
reputation is associated with coolguy
even if I disagree with his some of his
policies
Bill Clinton same thing out of a cool
guy
even if you don't like his policies
President Trump he's cool in his own way
but there's certainly some people who
don't want to associate their brand with
it for different reasons Bernie's got
that problem
Bernie has the problem that I think
there's a natural cap on how popular he
can be on the left and he's probably at
it in other words if the other
candidates went away tomorrow I don't
think that Bernie's numbers will go up
if Biden goes down that's not going to
make Bernie go up I think if Warren went
down you wouldn't make Bernie go up
because bernie is a bad accessory he
when I see him I say yeah I really love
you Bernie and I do like Bernie I think
deserves our respect even if you hate
his policies he deserves our respect
very effective very consistent seems to
want what's best for the country even if
he doesn't have the right ideas forget
there and tension is good energy is good
seems to be a patriot I love Bernie and
he's been obviously the most influential
person for at least half of the country
we're all talking about policies that
are that are Bernie like or how far is
it from Bernie here it's Bernie plus one
or Bernie minus one I mean he has really
changed the country and potentially in a
positive way potentially you could
disagree with that but my point is he's
not a good accessory and I think he's
kept
I don't think you'll see him taking
anything here's my big question that I
can't came away from the debate one of
the things that debates don't do is
inform you because it's not really that
kind of a forum and there's a big
question I have that I've not heard
anybody debate directly so maybe you can
help me in the comments here there seem
to be two general models of health care
direction you know if you're just
talking about the the big-picture
direction there are the birdies and the
Elizabeth Warren's who would like
Medicare for all essentially so there's
one provider of Medicare insurance it's
the government and everybody gets it and
everything's covered and then there's
some other people and I believe that
category would be Budaj edge and maybe
Harris I may have may have some of the
names wrong but they've got a model
where they say yes Medicare for all
should be available but at the same time
people should be able to buy private
insurance if they prefer it and then
those two competing systems would create
a kind of competition that could be
productive so in other words if the
government can negotiate better prices
you would expect that the private
insurance people would say hey why are
you giving that good price to the
government and it should drive down
costs over time here's what I don't
understand I have not heard the
criticism of that plan I've certainly
heard lots of criticisms of the way
health care is now I've heard lots of
criticisms of Obamacare that you know
makes sense I've heard lots of
criticisms of Medicare for all but I've
never heard and maybe I just haven't
heard it I'm not saying that there are
no arguments I've just never heard it
and I'm curious about that what is the
argument against having Medicare for all
which would literally cover everybody
who wants it at the same time you let
people who want private insurance get
whatever the heck they want they might
have to pay more for it and they might
like that because they get better
service
has anybody offered even an argument
against that because when I watch the
Democrats compete you know you're here
but a judge say you know we want some
competition and here's why that's good
you know two systems a private one and
in a government one they're both out
there they're both competing and then
you hear Bernie's say the way we should
do it is this but what he doesn't say is
what's wrong with Buddha Jeb's idea like
it
somebody says too expensive I don't
think that's demonstrated so I'm curious
so I have to pee or parts of curiosity
one is why is that argument just so
conspicuously missing when it's
literally the most important argument
isn't it somebody says paying for both
only using one but you'd have the option
that if I see your point your point is
if you're buying your private insurance
you're going to be buying your own
insurance at the same time you're paying
for other people's insurance you should
get some of that back by the fact that
everybody's health insurance would go
down that would be the theory so anyway
but my second part of that theory is why
wouldn't the Buddha judge let's let's
call it his theory of having two systems
and you can buy into one if you want to
buy everybody gets covered why what
wouldn't Trump support that why is that
not a Republican plan isn't the
Republican plan sort of big picture
market competition and how is that not
better market competition to have the
government competing directly with
private health care insurance and
everybody could do whatever they want
it's complete freedom you know you could
you can get the Medicare for all you can
get your own insurance and to the
previous point the people getting the
private insurance might not I have to
pay more if the net result of it is that
competition drives down everybody's
prices that would be the plan anyway
so I don't see an obvious reason that a
Republican couldn't just say I like that
plant that looks good to me right how
does that how does Buddha judge his plan
not exactly match Republican preferences
and that's a question not a statement by
the way because there might actually be
some really good reasons for that that's
not obvious to me
somebody says socialism versus
capitalism
well Buddha judges plan is capitalism
because nobody has to do anything except
pay taxes but we already accept that all
right so that's that's everything from
the debates and too much that have you
noticed there seems to be this gradual
change that now has gradually changed
into something bigger which is remember
when President Trump first came on the
scene and everybody was saying hey
you're a reality TV star and you know
you're just you're just acting like it's
a play or a TV show you're not even
acting like a politician
and of course I was saying that the
public didn't realize that although
that's a true statement that he was
running things like a reality TV show my
observation was that was an improvement
because the Act you know the the act of
leadership is getting people to pay
attention and do what you want and the
way Trump employed his showmanship and
his reality TV stuff including all the
tweeting and the provocations and taking
up all the network time and everything
else it works so that's what leadership
looks like but here's the thing that I'm
starting to notice it seems to me that
his model of treating it like it's an
act meaning that it's it's done for the
benefit of the audience I guess that's
the best way I said Trump runs the
administration as if it's a TV show and
he is optimizing it for the audience now
at the same time by optimizing it for
the audience he's weaponizing the
audience so that he can get stuff done
so it's not his
not a senseless redefining of how to do
things it's a very productive one
because he can get the he can get the
public quickly informed and on his side
and a lot of stuff or at least his his
team which can be enough and but here's
the observation it seems to me that his
his critics and competitors have adopted
his frame the frame meaning that the
primary model of how we see this
government interaction is as theater
that's the best I spent because a or C
knows the theater in other words she she
runs her her political life the way the
president does which is she understands
it's a show for the audience and that if
you do the show for the audience right
you do gain powers and capabilities to
manage things change actual real
policies so she seems to understand that
yeah it seems that Pelosi and Schumer
understand that I first got this idea
whenever it was that they were having a
meeting in the Oval Office and he saw
Schumer and was mostly humor and he was
in such a good mood bantering with the
president he looked like he just enjoyed
the theater in other words he looked
like he was an actor playing the part
who knew he was an actor playing a part
for an audience who knew he was an actor
playing the part he was still he was
still doing his job as politician
because that's my point is that the
theater is not useless it's actually
very productive for doing the management
thing but here's where this is heading
the politicians seem to understand this
theater but not all of the public has
caught on much of the public has you
know most of you have I think most most
of the people watching this understand
that when they're seeing that the
politicians act crazy and provocative
and theatrical that they are watching a
show and they can sort of separate a
little bit what's the show versus you
know what are we getting what's the port
of the policies etc
but there's a huge portion of the
country that can't tell the difference
that they can't tell the difference
between the show and what's real and for
that portion they feel they're living in
a white supremacist hellscape in which
everything's you know going to hell and
the the earth is burning up and the KKK
is you know reinvigorated and and all
that now if you knew that you were
watching a show you wouldn't take much
of that too seriously
likewise if it comes out of trumps mouth
you know the Trump is putting on a show
so when he uses hyperbole and the fact
checkers say he just reached 12,000
factual inaccuracies which we choose to
call lies how much does it bother you
well if you know you're watching a show
doesn't bother you at all because you're
not watching the show to get facts and
the show seems to work we seem to have a
good economy you know things seem to be
seem to be working pretty well so that's
just an observation the observation was
the Democrats the leaders anyway
understand it as a show and are adopting
president Trump's model but not all of
the public yet knows it's a show and
that's very dangerous because that those
are the ones were experiencing TDS etc
if they understood their own leaders to
be putting on a show they would not take
so seriously their own fears because
they are over plumb all right yesterday
I did something very provocative to make
everybody hate me as is often my my
habit so what I did is I put a thought
experiment and I labeled that that way
thought experiment and I said what if
guns were subject to insurance so that
demographic groups who have the greatest
insurance risk of owning a gun would
have to pay more what would that look
like now those of you who have been
watching me for a while you know I
usually have
more than one reason for why I do things
I don't do things for one you one reason
usually sometimes I do in this case
there were several purposes purposes
number one was to change the way we're
thinking about the question I think you
would agree that both sides are locked
into their positions wouldn't you and if
both sides are locked into your
positions what can you do that's
productive waiting until they unlock
themselves doesn't seem productive right
because they're not going to we had we
have enough history to show that people
are pretty locked in so what you do is
thank you commenter howard you shake the
box now there are lots of ways to shake
the box you see how the president does
it all the time each it shakes the box
changes the field changes the variables
and then says alright with this new set
of variables now can we get anniver and
of our locked positions what I attempted
to do and you can tell me whether it was
successful was to create a thought
experiment in which we changed the
perspective and I'm going to give you a
little background story that will give
you some framework to understand what I
was attempting to do and it's there's
something I learned from a drug dealer
in college there's one of the most
useful perceptual shifts I've ever seen
I may have mentioned this is sometime in
the past but it's worth explaining it's
a very simple thing that is
life-changing at least it changed
everything about how I saw the world
from this one little anecdote and it
fundamentally didn't fundamentally
changed my entire understanding of
reality and in what works and what
doesn't from this one little example it
was this you've got two the two students
they buy some marijuana they've put
their money in together one of them goes
to pick it up and now you're gonna
divide it evenly she paid the same so
you get a little marijuana and you want
to divide it evenly how do you do that
if you don't have a scale how do you
divide it in a way that's fair that both
people walk away saying that was
when you can't measure it now even if
you could measure it back in my college
days that wouldn't help you because one
would have more seeds than the other and
that mattered and that would change the
weight and but you don't want the seeds
so you can't really know for sure if
you've achieved fairness which is the
key to this exercise when you're
dividing the two little piles you just
you can't really just look at them it's
hard to tell so how do you do it in a
way that both people are completely
convinced is fair now your first impulse
is that the two of them would you know
take turns you know adjusting the piles
and then they would look at each other
and they'd say all right good for you
yeah is your pile good my pile looks
good I'm okay with that
but chances are that only works with the
right people people who don't care too
much if it's exact people who trust each
other
under those conditions it doesn't matter
how you do it because it'll all work out
fine
somebody says flip a coin if you flipped
a coin and you and you were the one who
did not get the first pick and the other
person picked the pile that you thought
maybe it was a little better you're not
gonna feel exactly fair so the coin coin
flip is a good idea not quite where I'm
going here was the suggestion from the
drug dealer and it just blew my mind
yeah somebody's on to it here in the
comments one person divides the pile and
that's completely their responsibility
alone the second person gets to pick
yeah so I'm seeing in the comments
you're getting enemy right if you use
that process neither person can complain
whatsoever
there's no way to complain because
you've changed how you think about the
problem
you've taken the focus away from the
outcome which is who gets a bigger pile
and there's no way to really know it was
if it were fair and you've moved your
focus to the process the process is
completely fair a hundred percent fair
and if you can move some of these
attention here's here's the the insight
if you can move somebody's a tenth in
tension from the outcome to the system
you can break free so that's what I was
trying to do with the gun argument the
gun argument is locked in the outcome
there are people want to keep guns and
as many rights as possible there people
want to get rid of guns they're talking
about the outcome
now really talking about the system if
you could move them up to talk about the
system that might work
now some of you saying we have a system
it's called the Supreme Court well
here's the problem if the Supreme Court
were a clear system I'm sorry if the
Constitution were clear meaning that
it's simple clear words told us all what
to know and how to act we wouldn't need
the Supreme Court even the people who
created the Constitution knew it would
be interpreted differently by different
people because all right somebody says
it is clear I'm gonna deal with you
later all right anybody who says the
Constitution is clear doesn't understand
what the Supreme Court is for there's an
entire body of government just to
interpret it because it's not clear
right if you don't know that you need to
you know go back anyway so take the take
the drug dealer technique and the
takeaway is how can you change people's
focus from the outcome where you can
never be sure it's fair to the system to
mix things up I did this I threw in the
idea that you could add an insurance
model to gun purchases in order to
incent or disincentive a disincentive
were in the most dangerous group now the
most dangerous group of gun buyers would
be male and young and we have an example
in our in our national experience where
those people pay more insurance if
you're gonna get if you're gonna get a
car I'll talk about the details in a
moment if you're getting to get going
a car you have a higher risk or you have
higher premiums if you're male and
you're young because cars are dangerous
things now some of you are trying to
throw ethnicity in there if ethnicity
could legally be part of insurance maybe
it would be but since it isn't and it
won't be it's sort of just an
interesting question so I'll do it as an
interesting question but because there
isn't any practical way that will ever
be part of our decision-making can we
can we just put that on the shelf for a
moment I acknowledge I acknowledge that
there would be lots of other other
variables you could find at risk with
but since we've already agreed as a
society that automobile risk can be
discriminatory and is it discriminates
greatly against safe young male drivers
I was a safe young male driver and I
paid for other people's problems now I
didn't like it it wasn't fair but I put
up with so the the starting point here
is that people can learn to put up with
insurance which targets demographic
groups specifically young males so we
know we can tolerate that even if we
don't like so it's not impossible
it's tolerate able we know that now I'd
like to talk about the worst arguments
that people made in response and I if we
have time I might put on my headphones
and take some callers and I want to see
if you can avoid the worst arguments and
here's the first thing the first thing
people said when I offer this thought
experiment as I said it's the worst idea
you're so dumb and you don't know
anything is so obvious why this is bad
and worse that effect now here's the
first thing they should have noticed if
they had looked at the other people who
were complaining about the thought
experiment the first thing they would
have noticed is that people have
completely different complaints so if
it's
is what's wrong with the problem you
should expect that the complaints about
it would be somewhat similar or at least
deeply overlapping in fact the reasons
were all over the place what if I told
you is usually the case when the reasons
are all over the place do you know the
answer when when when somebody objects
to something with one or two good
reasons they're probably pretty good
reasons you might agree or disagree but
they're probably real reasons if
somebody disagrees with something with
oh this wide eclectic bunch of reasons
what is usually happening what's usually
happening is it's cognitive dissonance
so that people are not dealing with the
real thing that's bothering them they
just want their guns and they don't want
to see a good reason not to happen and
so it triggers them into cognitive
dissonance so the first thing you should
notice is that the reasons are just all
over the board and they look crazy
so that's the first commenter is also
saying word salad that's the second tell
so a number of people made comments that
I actually couldn't even understand the
sentences they had words in them and and
the words made grammar sense in the
sense that the you know they had the
right verbs and nouns and stuff in them
but they didn't make any sense to me and
I'm trying to make sense of them and I'm
reasonably educated so that's another
tale but I want to go through some of
the worst responses tell you what makes
them bad so that when you're arguing you
can up your game all right here's what I
think is triggering me if I if I can
give you my my own personal my personal
irrational emotional connection to this
topic
I'm pro-gun and that lumps me with
people who were pro-gun pro-second
amendment pro-gun my problem is many of
you are bad accessories meaning that
your arguments for pro-gun are so so bad
that I don't want to associate with them
even though I come
I agree with you about the right to have
guns and lots of them and an easy enough
access completely agree with the general
Sailor so I want you to try to improve
your game by moving toward the arguments
that are solid and there are plenty of
solid arguments for you know wide gun
ownership right it's plenty of them but
there's so some that are so bad I just
need to help you escape them alright are
you giving number one that's bad
somebody said if you have insurance for
guns people won't pay the insurance
that's a fair statement within the the
thought experiment to framework here's
my answer you could require that the
payment is made at the time of purchase
in other words the gun seller could say
all right price for your gun is $300 and
then the government attacks on some
taxes right you always pay taxes
government can make you pay extra it's
called taxes and then the government is
also attacking on some insurance this
insurance is a one-time cost because
most of your risk is in the first few
years so we just put a little insurance
on it and that insurance would be paid
to let's say your local police or
responders maybe your local healthcare
it would be paying for society's expense
when things go wrong yeah if there's a
gun crime so the first thing is you
could you can make people pay at the
point of purchase and the government
already makes people pay extra
it's called taxes now somebody says
that's a regressive tax on poor people
yes this it is do you know what else is
a regressive tax on poor people sales
tax you know it it can be true that it's
a regressive tax on poor people but
that's not a reason not to do it there
are lots of regressive taxes that we do
for other reasons you know they're
they're they're larger variables so I
you can acknowledge that there
there are defects with a plan but you
have to compare all the positives and
minuses of any plan to all the positives
of - - above but I acknowledge that's a
defect so let's acknowledge that's the
defect and and get on to the next point
so you could make people who buy new
guns pay pay you essentially you'd be
like a what do you call it a surety bond
which was broadly its insurance a surety
bond is where you're paying against you
doing something bad to someone else
like a construction person would buy a
surety bond if they're doing a project
next to let's say a historical site and
there's some risk that whatever they're
doing will damage the historical site so
they might be required by the town again
the government making you pay something
to buy something called a surety bond
that means you pay a little a little bit
of money for a form of insurance and if
you do accidentally destroy that the
property next door the insurance kicks
in but it's temporary and when you're
done with the construction you don't
have to pay insurance anymore so that's
what a surety bond is you could do that
with guns just make it make it payable
at the time of the purchase now here's
the other bad argument people would say
well Scott how is that gonna prevent the
people who already have guns from having
guns without insurance and the answer is
probably wouldn't here's the bad
thinking there if you have three
problems call them a B and C if you know
how to solve one of those problems could
be a could be B could be safe
should you not solve it because it
doesn't solve the other two problems in
no world does that make sense but in the
gun world it's the primary argument the
primary argument you hear from the
pro-gun people is that if you can deal
with some little bit of the risk and
reduce it you shouldn't because there is
other an unrelated risk that it doesn't
solve
that's not thinking I don't want to be
associated
with someone who won't solve problem a
because it doesn't also solve unrelated
problems so if you could get the the
young person who's buying a gun because
they're having bad thoughts and you
could maybe discourage them with a high
enough insurance premium if you can
discourage them that would put some
friction on their likelihood of getting
a gun but it doesn't solve other
problems that's not a reason not to do
it here's here's the other worst
argument I saw somebody said that the
founding fathers would certainly
disagree with carving out one section of
the public to have fewer gun rights
because that's you know you can say in a
practical sense that's what this would
do it would cause young males to have
slightly degraded civil rights civil
rights slightly degraded practical
rights about getting a gun because their
insurance cost would be higher now is
that fair would the a critic said that
the founding fathers would never agree
with carving out certain parts of the
public to have fewer rights anybody
agree with that the founding fathers
would not agree as some people should
have fewer rights than others
the founding fathers owned slaves
the founders didn't want people to vote
if they didn't own land the founders
didn't allow women to vote the founders
were the most discriminatory people in
the history of the United States bar
none they were the worst absolute worst
in fact I'm gonna introduce an idea I
was thinking about you know we treat the
American Revolution as 1776 right that's
that's the point of the Revolution but
black people say hell no that wasn't my
 revolution I would we became
slaves after that and maybe some during
I guess
yeah during and after it wasn't their
revolution now black people can say well
maybe the Civil War was the founding of
the of the free country yeah maybe we
should celebrate that as sort of our
civil war and since to which I say nope
not there yet when the Civil War
happened women couldn't even vote so if
you were going to say what is the
revolution you know the civil war on
this country maybe was women getting the
vote whoa but wait that's not far enough
what about the civil rights of the 60s
right you kinda needed those because
being freed as a slave wasn't getting
you where you needed to be you needed
something like the 60s and a pretty hard
run as civil rights to get you anything
too close to within spitting distance of
equality so so I'm just gonna throw that
in if I were black I would definitely
see the Civil War as my revolution for
independence and
and I'd feel pretty solid in that
thought if I were a woman I would see
women getting the vote as my Civil War
as my my war for independence and if I
were black and women or a gay I would
see the sixties you know collectively
as when when my revolution began anyway
that's a little off point here's some
other bad arguments that people gave me
a lot of people are what I call analogy
thinkers so I made the analogy that you
know we we we put insurance on cars so
let's talk about guns the bad analogy
thinkers are looking for a difference
between cars and guns and act like that
matters now the analogy is just to show
that insurance can be applied to people
in different risk groups when there's
risk that's all that's the entire point
of the car analogy what people say is
Scot it's a-you know you're wrong
because people pay insurance only if
they use a car you don't need to have
insurance to own a car Scott that's
different than guns now that's the
stupid difference it's a difference of
that's nothing to do with the argument
so if you're picking apart the
difference between an analogy and the
topic you're not really part of the
discussion the only thing you should
take away from the analogy is we can put
different risks on different demographic
groups and society doesn't fall apart
that's it that's the entire army you
know so another argument was somebody
said car insurance doesn't keep people
from driving without insurance people
still drive with that insurance scott-so
doesn't stop people from driving cars
that's a terrible point in its analogy
thinking again here's the difference
between cars and guns cars are not
really optional for most people in
bobert society you're not learning to
drive a car it is optional but barely
you know I think Greg Gutfeld didn't
drive a car until recently because he
was in New York City so there are
special cases you know you could opt
down and drive in your car but mostly
you have to have a car so it's price
inelastic inelastic for insurance in
other words you will pay more to drive a
car because you don't have much chance
choice guns are far more optional now
they're less optional if you're in a
dangerous situation and those people
would pay more and they'd be happy to do
it because might save their lives but
for all the people who were in not a
immediate dangerous situation you can
imagine that higher costs would have an
impact and even if they didn't have an
impact it would at least cause a fund of
money they would pay for the police the
extra health care and the damage and
maybe you know common seeds the victims
uh-huh why do you somebody says why do
you have to debate the topic to abort
him and agony well I'll put you out of
your agony you can be blocked here's the
deal well I'm not gonna go that way
somebody said all right so the point is
the point is the friction always works
anybody who makes an argument against
insurance because it wouldn't work at
all under any situation for any person
no matter what that's not a real
argument because again not no
particulars every problem the only thing
you should be asking yourself is could
it could it reduce the number of people
doing it if the answer is yes then
friction worked if it doesn't change
anybody in any way it would be the first
time in human history that's ever
happened friction always works if you're
making an argument that friction doesn't
work where have you ever been every law
every policy every rule it all creates
friction and the reason that we're
living in a society full of rules and
laws and penalties is because it always
works just about always and when I say
it always works I mean it always changes
some people's behavior it always changes
some people's behavior somebody says did
prohibition work yes yes prohibition
worked I guarantee the fewer people
drank during Prohibition the reason
prohibition didn't work is because it
had the unintended consequence of making
a dangerous to drink alcohol and it
empower the bad people etc but I
guarantee the prohibition caused fewer
law-abiding people to take a drink it
might have been a five percent change
but there's no way it didn't reduce the
behavior no way right
because there are some people who will
just say well it's illegal I don't need
the friction
all right so for all of you who say it
didn't work
what you mean is it didn't work in the
entire package it did work guaranteed to
make at least some people not drink
because they didn't want to go to a
speakeasy
there wasn't a public bar you know one
block away
it absolutely reduced behavior there's
no doubt about it all right now I'd be
willing to be fact-checked on that if so
I don't know if there was any way to
actually measure such a thing but if if
somebody did measure it it would be the
one time in history the friction didn't
work and even then you should still try
it in the future
friction that is because it's worked
every other time if you found one thing
it didn't work for that wouldn't tell
you not to keep doing it because it
worked for everything else all right all
right here's another part the the most
common comment I got was what part of do
not infringe do you not understand
because the Constitution says do not
infringe and if you make if the
government makes you buy insurance
well you're infringed no doubt about it
right and that's clearly not intended
right well here's the problem with that
people who say that are basically
repeating a bumper sticker they are not
on the Supreme Court
you need a Supreme Court to tell us what
this gun thing means what a lot of this
stuff means in the Constitution that's
why it exists if you're if your take is
that you're on a you are non-lawyer
reading of the Constitution and the
phrase do not infringe is all you need
to know well you don't understand what
the Constitution is you don't understand
that the system was developed because
the Supreme Court part of it because the
Constitution could never be clear and we
would never agree and maybe situations
would change in which reinterpreting
would make sense
so the dumbest opinion is that the
Constitution clearly says that you
should not infringe and that any form of
infringement whatsoever is a violation
of the Constitution the first problem
with that is that we infringe all over
the place how many infringement sar
they're already on getting a gun for
example they're not free you can't get a
free gun there's no free gun of course
is infringement do we tax gun ownership
of course we do do we put you in jail if
you use it illegally can you get a gun
if you're under the age of gun buying
can you get a gun if you're incarcerated
and you're in jail we we infringe all
kinds of gun rights and we're still here
and we still have enough guns do we do
we or do we not have enough guns to
protect against let's say the government
tries to do something bad to the
citizens probably we have more guns than
people so a little bit of difference
isn't going to change that too much can
the average person who is not a criminal
and not crazy and old enough can they
get a gun yeah pretty much every time so
it's not a lot of infringing going on
but treating infringement as an absolute
when elisa's the Supreme Court can even
decide when it's being infringed and
what that means is not a good argument
it's a bumper sticker let's say somebody
said I'm adding cost meaning the idea of
adding insurance because I'm ignoring
the quote real issue so here's here's
something saying that the real issue is
culture mental illness is bad parenting
so that's not an argument that's not an
argument because the real issue could be
the real issue at the same time that the
solution is unrelated
so what is the real issue with people
trying to rob my house the real issue is
those people it's not me so it's
something it's not my problem it's not
my fault that bad people might try to
burglarize my house but the solution is
not for me to go fix those people the
solution is made for me to you know have
locks of my doors and alarms and
Firearms so my solution has nothing to
do with their defects so you can
separate the solution what you do from
what the source of the problem is it
would be great to work on the source of
the problem and we should but you can
still have solutions that are separate
so whoever said you know it doesn't the
idea doesn't work because it's not
working on the core problem doesn't know
how our solutions work here's my point
when somebody says it's not fair and
it's unconstitutional for you to make me
pay more in insurance to own my gun cuz
you're infringing on my rights there
here's what I say where in the
Constitution does it say that I need to
subsidize your gun why do I have to
subsidize the guns of other people you
didn't see that coming did you this is a
secret part of the this is the secret
part of the thought experiment that I
was hoping people would sort of stumble
onto and this is the part that will open
your mind a little bit the other parts
are just sort of on the argument did you
realize that if you are a legal gun
owner you are subsidizing the illegal
gun owners ownership of guns you're
paying for it because the the total cost
of owning a gun is not just the price of
a gun it's the damage that you do with
it or you could potentially do with it
it's the people you kill it's the police
action it's the health care it's a
social services etc net thank you for
noticing how good this is there is no
constitutional right for you to make me
pay for your
gun all right I will fight to the death
for you to keep your gun I'm Pro
Second Amendment I want you to have your
gun for all the reasons you want a gun
but you can't make me pay for your
 gun and call it a constitutional
right
I will not subsidize your gun do you
know how you maybe not subsidized your
 gun you do it by putting an
insurance penalty on there if you're in
a high-risk group you can you can pay
for your own gun by paying more
insurance don't make me pay for your
 gun alright and don't lump me
with the anti-gun people because I want
you to pay for your own gun
alright pay for your gun don't
make me pay for it and if you're in a
high-risk category too bad not my
 problem right I was once in the
high-risk category I was once young I
paid more I didn't like it
was it your problem why should you pay
for my high risk category that's that's
the reason you know that's the reason
they do it now because all of us go
through certain ages we the the one
thing that we all agree on we're obvious
discrimination is acceptable is by age
right everybody agrees the age is an
acceptable discrimination variable you
don't want kids doing certain stuff but
young adults are also plenty risky right
somebody says black people do this is
racist what would be the racist part of
treating everybody the same but what is
your point is your point that if
everyone's treated exactly the same is
racist is that your point because you
know what else is racist if you treated
everybody exactly the same every
law every law is racist
if you treat everybody the same there
might be some exceptions but the fact is
anything that has any impact on cost is
discriminatory against certain death
groups accidentally so so here's here's
where I'm shaking the box here's where
I'm shaking the box the the part that
should have changed how you're thinking
about it is when I said I don't want to
pay for your gun and your gun risk as
soon as you heard that it felt different
didn't it didn't feel different so and
then let me explain again what thought
experiments are a number of people said
to me on Twitter you left yous are
trying to take away our guns you know
just shut up to which I said it's a
thought experiment all right somebody
was saying Scott advocates disarming all
black people I will delete this racist
goodbye racist yeah I lost my train of
thought there let me see where else we
get somebody else said criminals will
always get into the illegal guns so how
is that smart if you can stop or reduce
some part of the problem but it doesn't
solve a hundred percent of the related
problems you shouldn't do it what about
do you think kids should legally be
allowed to have cigarettes do you think
that should be illegal some people do
probably but doesn't friction on kids
smoking reduce the amount of smoking
don't you think don't you think that
collectively all the things that are
done you know education wise and making
it harder to get cigarettes don't you
think it makes some difference you know
clearly someone who wants to smoke can
get cigarettes my stepson could get them
pretty easily but he was also willing to
take me
more chances than the average person
which ultimately got him killed
and I think friction works for her kids
and cigarettes I feel that's safe all
right so here's the bottom line so that
I do not advocate I do not advocate
putting insurance costs on guns are we
clear on that it was a thought
experiment to allow you to get out of
your your locked
bumper-sticker opinions on guns and to
change from focusing on if you remember
my beginning example about the drug
dealer and separating the the drugs it's
make you take your focus away from the
outcome and up to a process and is it a
good process and is it constitutional to
have the cost of a product reflect the
actual cost to society is it
unreasonable that products cost what
their actual impact is right now in
thinking through why insurance is a good
idea or a bad idea the hope is that it
would clarify how you're thinking about
everything so the whole point is simply
to clarify thinking I'm not suggesting
insurance on your gun I mean I don't
know if it's a terrible idea but here's
if yours here's maybe the biggest reason
you don't want insurance on your gun I
was waiting for somebody to say this
there's one really really good reason
you don't want insurance on your gun
and it's this you don't want the
insurance companies deciding with the
laws because in effect the insurance
companies would take over some of the
role of Congress you know they would
effectively be managing the gun
situation for their own profit and that
may not be that where you want to give
your authority and if somebody had
mentioned that I don't think somebody
did I would have said you know that's
pretty good point all right
somebody said you don't want to insure
guns because it would create a gun list
like the NRA the NRA is a list of gun
owners if an insurance company also has
your name I understand that would be
more people on a list but it seems to me
that when you buy a gun don't you put
your name on a list anyway if you were
to buy a gun today is there any scenario
in which you wouldn't put your name on a
list that's a question I don't know if
you bought it at it if it if it were not
a private sale let's say you bought it
at a gun show and a gun show
don't you have yeah I know NRA is
optional but if you buy it at a gun show
don't you have to give your name I would
think so so I don't know that there's
any such thing is not having a list of
gun buyers but but it's this would be an
inaccurate criticism if you made
everybody insure their guns after they
have them you know the the grandfathered
in guns then that would create more of a
list so I will agree that that's a valid
criticism unless the way you do it is
the way I explained which is the only
place you apply it is at the point of
purchase is once it's only once so that
grandfather guns just wouldn't need
insurance so one way to deal with that
is that the grandfather does or they've
been around long enough they probably
are less danger than someone who buys it
got in this month all right
that is bad all I have to say on this
somebody says the dealer retains the
records NRA has no knowledge of which
guns I honed yeah that does make a
difference there's there is you know
people who say that the NRA is voluntary
and it doesn't tell you specifically
what guns anybody owns or even if they
have guns
there are members of the NRA who do not
own guns but not many percentage-wise so
anyway please accept the thought
experiment as just that as a way to
shake the box I'm not promoting that
idea I'm pro-gun and let's talk about
something else tomorrow and I'll talk
you
later life now