bumbum bumbum
hey everybody sing along with me pom pom
pom pom come on in there's still lots of
space up front for those who you want to
be in the front row come on in
no talking among yourselves take a seat
good to see you
hey there Tyler always good to see you
Tyler and Pete Beth come on in
you know what time it is I think you do
I think you do it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and the simultaneous sip
grab your cup your mug your glass your
stein your tankard your chalice your
thermos fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous in some of the best
simultaneous sipping I've had all day
good stuff well once again the news is
full of fun stuff do you remember when
they used to say if it bleeds it leads
and the idea was that the news would
only report bad news and violence and it
was all violence and bad news when did
that stop when did the news stop
reporting on violence no I know that of
course they'll report on some big
tragedy so if there's a big tragedy of
course that will be the headline what is
it my imagination or have there been
fewer big tragedies lately or is the
news just now covering it anymore
because I'm looking at all the headlines
and it's all just fun stuff well it's
not fun for everybody involved right in
each of these stories there's something
like a victim but it's not the big blood
and death stories that we're used to let
me give you a sample of some of the
headlines now this one is funny but not
funny all right
so for the purposes of the story if you
look at the whole story it's not funny
at all and you should find no humor in
this but half of the story is kind of
funny and I can't apologize for that I
don't I don't make the rules and it's
the story that David Blaine famous
magician has been accused by two women
of something like hypnotizing them and
sexually abusing them now I've read the
accusations and I can't say that they
sound too credible but I agree with the
the general ethic of the times that
women must be taken seriously so their
story must be heard so what will we're
probably all on the same page there but
there's something about these stories
that are different from other stories
because if you claim that you've been
hypnotized in one case and in the other
case she doesn't have memory of the
event except some details after when she
woke up in the morning and here's the
question that I asked you so apparently
the New York Police Department is is
investigating David Blaine and I have to
ask this question what are the odds that
a world-famous magician and apparently
might know something about persuasion as
well
what are the odds that a person with
that skill set could be convicted of a
crime like this so you know I'm not
suggesting that he's guilty of any
crimes innocent until proven guilty but
one of the odds that he could be
convicted now if he had an eyewitness or
a videotape that I'd say yeah anybody
can be convicted if you have a video of
the actual crime it doesn't matter how
much skill you have but in the case
where as he said she said and
one of the SEDs is a famous magician
what are the odds that that person could
not get off even if he was guilty
probably very low my guess is that that
skill set would translate very well into
the the legal realm so when you hear
that a famous mute magician is on trial
you don't need to listen to the details
of the case because it's probably gonna
be not guilty anyway that's the
interesting part of that story many
people have tweeted to me the news that
China has announced that they're gonna
get tough on fentanyl coming out of
China which as you know almost all of
the fentanyl that makes it to the United
States through Mexico originates in
China and trying to add laws that did
not make it illegal to produce let's say
things that are like fentanyl but you
know molecule different so the criminals
were using that legal loophole in China
to say well it's not exactly fentanyl I
changed this molecule in some some
unimportant way but China has committed
that May first
they will criminalize fentanyl in all
its forms even the slight variations and
make it a capital offense which means
the death penalty now I see a lot of
people giving me credit for that I don't
know how you can measure anybody's
influence I don't know what would have
happened anyway because I was really you
know I was persuading toward this
outcome and I was doing it quite
noticeably and publicly and continuously
but it's also the smart outcome so I'm
not going to take credit for people that
I don't even know doing smarter things
all right you know that I love I'd love
to say
I had something to do with it but the
fact is you should never assume that if
somebody you never met or well actually
in this case I have met President Trump
but if it's somebody you're not dealing
with at a regular basis and they simply
do something that makes sense and smart
you can't say that it's because somebody
recommended it you know if somebody's
just acting smart so I'm going to give
Trump the the win on this and but I will
do it with this caveat which is that I
don't yet believe it so I don't think
China is a credible enough player that
we should take this as real news yet it
could become real news but so far I
would say that until I see a picture of
a fentanyl dealer the in his mug shot
the day before China executes them I'm
not going to believe it so I'm happy
that it looks like progress but I'm only
gonna say it looks like progress so far
there is not progress we have the
appearance of something that could
become progress so it's all good but I
don't believe it yet and some people are
asking does this mean that we're close
to a trade deal with China to which I
say I'm a little bit confused why China
would agree to do this when it's clearly
a bargaining trip so if they were trying
to make this part of some larger trade
deal I would think that they would I
would think that they would wait and
make it part of a larger package if they
had the ability to do that but you know
I had been saying publicly and often on
Twitter anyway that we should not do any
trade deal with China as long as they
were letting the fentanyl trade go
unchecked so I didn't care what the
other stuff was about I didn't care how
good a deal we had about that
I said if you can't get this done you're
not you're not dealing with the you're
just not dealing with a credible player
you should not make any deal with
somebody who can't do the simplest thing
so it's possible that Trump did some
version of what I would have done and
what I would have done is said we'll get
serious about all this other stuff after
you're done with this you take care of
this and you're now part of the credible
conversation if you don't you're our
enemy and we don't make deals with
enemies I mean not trade deals so it's
possible that Trump played this exactly
right which is this one China has to be
free you can't put this with the rest of
the trade deal you got to give us this
or we're not even gonna talk to you so
it might have been a precondition I have
no reason to believe it was but that's
the way I would have played it as you
know because I tweeted it many times so
maybe something good is coming let's
talk about something else
I'm looking at the persuasion from the
Democrats and from Trump primarily and
I'm comparing them which of these two
slogans for 2020 sounds stronger to you
slogan number one this would be
president Trump's make America great
again
pretty good right sounds pretty good now
let's compare that to the Democrats
slogan you're all going to be dead in 12
years that's not as good
you're all going to be dead in 12 years
now they don't actually say you're gonna
be dead in 12 years that's the way the
that's way it's reported by the right so
the the press on the right is doing two
aoc what the press on the left does to
trump all the time they they just
changed the meaning their forwards until
sounds ridiculous and what she said was
that if we don't get super serious about
cutting it over the next
12 years were dead in the long run in
other words will be some uncontrollable
problem that could be true and it could
be untrue but the way it's reported is
just fake news that she's saying we're
gonna be dead in 12 years what she's
saying is that if we don't do something
in 12 years it's a it's a potentially
mortal risk of a large-sized but it
really does kind of come down to that
make America great again
or you're all dead in 12 years that's
theirs I've got a feeling that make
America great against a little bit more
motivating we saw that the press in the
United States because of their their the
business model that they've evolved to
recently in which the controversy and
the two sides and you know how can I get
you worked up and make you click on
things that being the new business model
almost destroyed the United States let
me say this again and and I have no
there's no hesitation
there's no hedging on what I'm saying
the press collectively almost destroyed
the United States with the Russian
collusion thing and with driving driving
the country apart on a number of things
they failed so in a way you're seeing
this this gigantic historical like meta
battle and and it's being reported as
it's like you know the Republicans
against the Democrats that's not what's
happening that's not the real story the
real story is not the Republicans versus
the Democrats the big battle that we're
seeing the larger battle is the founders
of the United States the authors of the
Constitution versus the modern version
of the press the press is trying and I
say not with intention it's
you know nobody in the press is trying
to destroy the country it is just the
collective effect of having a business
model built on driving people apart so
the press is fighting to destroy the the
system that was developed but maybe this
some of the smartest you know people
that the United States has ever had
which are the founders and the
brilliance of the Constitution who won
I'll tell you the one I'll tell you one
Thomas Jefferson James Madison the other
founders the other people who authored
the Constitution the press fought the
dead founders for two and a half years
and the dead founders won
yeah happened yes for guy Hamilton the
founders won again so the founders have
this what two hundred and forty year
winning streak yeah Washington sure I'm
not sure how much Washington had to do
with the document itself but we give him
credit so the press lost but the press
is taking another run at destroying the
world with climate change let me say it
again
the press is taking another run at
destroying the whole world through the
topic of climate change now I'm not the
one who's gonna say oh they're all
alarmist and the way they're reporting
it is all wrong and therefore people
will do all the wrong things because
because they're trying to solve a
problem that doesn't exist those of you
have been watching me for a while know
that my opinion on climate change risk
is that I as a citizen can't determine
it I don't believe the scientists I
don't believe the press and when I dig
into it myself as I have been doing for
months you hit a wall as a non-scientist
and you just run into counterclaims that
you can't judge
skeptic says this climate scientist says
this I can't tell I'm not a scientist
and I haven't looked into those topics
can't tell so I'm not saying that the
press is wrong I'm saying that I have no
idea if they're right or wrong but
here's why the press is trying to
destroy the world and I mean this
literally actually destroying the world
not not hyperbole I mean literally just
destroying the planet and it's by
ignoring generation four nuclear power
as the obvious solution to climate
change
now whether climate change is real or
whether it's not real generation four
nuclear development is the answer for
both of those situations how much
reporting are you seeing on that today I
see lots of articles about the green New
Deal
I see no mention of nuclear energy that
is the press destroying the planet that
is exactly what that is now again it's
not they're making they're not sitting
in a room and saying hey let's destroy
the planet nobody's doing this in any
conscious way it's the collective effect
of the press and here's why it's kind of
obvious when you think about it
on the left if they if the left media
suddenly said okay we still think
President Trump is a for not
believing the scientists about climate
change we'll hold on to that thought
because we need that for our mental
sanity you know I don't think that's a
good description of what's happening but
this says left needs that still they
have a solution that's the obvious
solution and there there's no how and
the money and the you know and we can
get this done but they won't report on
it because if they report that President
Trump can solves the problem that they
think is the biggest problem in the
world and that here's the
Bart he is uniquely suited to solve it
that's the part that hurts what is
preventing the efficient development of
safe nuclear power the generate for
those of you don't know the generation
four designs their meltdown proof so you
don't have the risk of meltdown because
they're designed so they can't and they
also will eat nuclear waste from other
older sites so it reduces nuclear waste
and heats it and it can't blow up and
meltdown but they need to iterate
through some designs to get the best
design within that class of things
president Trump is the the rule breaker
or not rule breaker he's a rule breaker
tip but he cuts he cuts regulations it
is the regulations that prevent the
country from doing these things so now
we've seen a few few things going on
we've seen Alexander Lamar Republican
suggesting a green nuclear a Manhattan
deal he should be calling it the green
nuclear deal that would have been better
branding using Mark Snyder's ashtec but
he's going with Manhattan Project which
is okay gets attention so that that's
one thing that's happening on the
Republican side do you see all the news
about that today
you don't what's the most important
thing in the news it's that it's that
nuclear energy is actually a legitimate
practical solution and here's the
important part
the only one there is not a second
choice there is no second choice about
how to deal with climate change
there's only ridiculous you know hope
and prayers and stuff like well maybe
we'll get this solar stuff going you
know maybe if you stop using the
airplane or you know I think that's an
exaggeration but but sort of just good
feelings and hope and I don't know but
the nuclear power could actually solve
this problem if it's a problem and if
it's not
you still want to do it because it's so
good for the economy it frees us from
dependence on other people it's good for
the environment it's just good in a
whole bunch of ways so the fact and then
there was also secretary Perry's project
their funding that developed the rapid
development of new types of nuclear
fuels which gets to this generation four
thing and there was one other nuclear
project that the administration is doing
that that has the same quality it's
focusing the country on this option now
given what we've seen about how
depressed the Democrats were when Trump
won and that literally it literally
literally triggered people into mental
health problems and I mean that actually
literally and then we saw that the
Russian occlusion thing collapsed which
was the only mental solace that they
were getting it's like well at least at
least we know it wasn't because he got
elected fairly but that it turns out
yeah the election the collusion thing
fell apart all they have now is climate
change and health care so they have two
things climate change and health care
but climate change is the bigger one
because that's the one that kills us all
according to you know the worst case
scenario
health care is a financial problem you
know people are still going to get the
health care they just can't afford it
but they're gonna get it
so I would say that the climate change
is the last hope for the people who keep
retreating to little safe spaces for
their mind they can still believe that
they've been right all along because
this evil orange president will not
solve the biggest problem to the globe
which is climate change in their opinion
but what if he did what if he did
what if Trump was the savior of the
planet
in terms of climate change risk I got
bad news for the left it looks like he
might be now he hasn't fully embraced
this and all it would take is the
President to tweet something about
generation four nuclear as a solution to
you know all kinds of things maybe he
can't do it because it would be
acknowledging the climate change is not
a hoax so maybe he has some you know and
maybe he's not up to speed on the fact
that you know Bill Gates and all the
smart people are saying this is the way
to go and so I here's my here's my
statement that kind of wraps us all up
if the press continues to ignore the
obvious solution which would get the
Congress on board because if the press
starts reporting about generation for
nuclear the public is going to get on
board if the public gets on board
Congress will follow because there's
nobody on the other side of the issue
there is nobody who learns about
generation for nuclear power who doesn't
approve of it you won't meet that person
it's the one thing in the world in which
everybody agrees now somebody says why
does FoxNews not mention nuclear same
problem well it may be a different
problem in the case of Fox News it's
probably more lack of could be lack of
knowledge could be they're not up to
speed and I'm talking about the hosts
primarily there may be some other factor
that I'm not aware of but I could but
let me let me lump FoxNews into the same
category they are failing the country on
this topic in a fatal way they're
failing the country in a potentially
fatal way this is one of the biggest
risks we've ever had and when I say it's
fatal I mean in two different ways if
climate change is the problem that we
think it is is fatal because
do CNN and everybody else is ignoring
the obvious solution that would be fatal
because if the press doesn't report it
the public doesn't know it and they
can't influence Congress to do the
things that need to be done and that are
fairly straightforward it's not a lot of
there's not a lot of mystery about what
to do and then let's go the other way
let's say the Democrats take power let's
say that they go hard at the green new
deal and it bankrupts the country it's
catastrophic
well you're hundreds and millions of
people could die just by degrading the
economy substantially because that's
what poverty does it kills people so if
you think about the risk the biggest
risk of the world what would you say it
is you'd probably say yourself ah the
biggest risk to the world some people
would say climate change some people
would say nuclear war some people would
say this was that but it might be the
business model of the press the press no
longer has apparently I mean and the in
this topic it's obvious that the press
is not in the business of informing the
public when you say wouldn't you say
that that is a fair statement that the
press both sides left and right don't
have an interest in informing the public
in the most productive ways it's just
not it's just not a thing anymore it's
nobody's job to do it so that's that is
my problem now i was listening to tucker
carlson last night he was talking about
the green new deal tucker makes the
following claim he says that the green
new deal and i'm paraphrasing is really
just a power grab and that that's what
it's all about and that the point of the
green new deal is to centralize power
and that it's all about power to which i
say what what
I don't even understand that point I'm
not gonna tell you what's wrong but
there's no connecting tissue I'm saying
all of you agree my god that's scary oh
my god holy
I can't believe I'm saying this many
people agree oh my god this is blowing
me away I'm actually having a full body
feeling I've got I've got chills right
now oh my god this is scary you've all
been hypnotized and and there's nothing
I can do to talk you out of it right now
I'll work on this over time but let me
let me oh my god I'm actually my mind is
boggled right now you know I've been
talking to you for a long time about how
people don't have independent opinions
their opinions are assigned to them by
the press and you know I know that I
believe it I observe it all the time
but to see it so starkly like with your
comments you're all agreeing with a
point which is very very important and
completely disconnected from any reality
it's completely in the signed opinion
there's nobody here who could explain
why that's happening in other words who
is it who's grabbing power and why they
want that none of you could explain that
there's no connecting tissue between the
thought that the green new deal is
really all about a power grab now if you
mean that it helps the Democrats get
elected because they have a topic then
yes I mean it's a political topic but
there is no question in my mind that the
public believes this is a real thing and
a real risk the scientists who are
working on climate change are not going
to work
every day and saying if I get this done
I will successfully have given power
from the people to a central source no
nobody has that thought there is nobody
in this planet who in their mind is
saying let's do this so we can
consolidate power nobody there's nobody
has ever made that claim it doesn't make
sense
and I just watched how many a hundred of
you just say oh yeah that's a fact it's
a fact because you heard it on TV that's
the only reason you think that there's
no logical connective tissue to that
it's completely disavow from reality and
it's I'm just gobsmacked there's so many
of you bought it you don't often see you
don't often see brain washing that stark
or that or that immediate that is
complete brainwashing if any of you can
make an argument that there's a real
person who's thinking to themselves oh
this this climate change is gonna be
great for me to get all the power you're
gonna have to find me a person and I've
been having the same conversation on
Twitter and the people who believe that
it's a power grab they send me to means
and both of them are a photo of some old
person and on the photo of the old
person will be a quote that seems to say
that they're really all about grabbing
power but if you look at the wording you
can tell that it's a critic it's not
somebody who says yeah we're gonna grab
power which is sort of the way I think
is being interpreted it's somebody
accusing other people of the same thing
that Tucker did which is hey you other
people are all about grabbing power but
there's no evidence there's no person
who's ever said that's what they intend
to do there's no there's no logic to
make any of that work now if there's an
argument for this I'm open to it
right
but you'd think that a claim this
important would always come with a
little bit of explanation and not
details but if you're gonna make a claim
as as important as climate change is
really about consolidating power that's
a huge claim that's about as big a claim
as you could make if you can't make that
claim you should at least have a few
words to say why you think that could be
the person who's doing it has said so
like show me a quote from the person
who's actually trying to consolidate
power show me an undercover video of
somebody saying it
show me the people specifically who
would benefit there's none of that it's
a completely groundless as far as I can
tell absurd claim climate change is a
whole bunch of people acting
independently that's it I just described
everything about climate change
everything you need to know about
climate change is that it's a whole
bunch of people pursuing their own
self-interest and largely believing what
they're doing the scientist believes
that they're trying to find out the
facts the politicians believe that
they're trying to do what's good for the
world which they also believe is going
to be good for them politically so of
course there's a political element to it
maybe a little exaggeration but Wow
it is shocking to see how completely
many of you have been hypnotized on that
point now in order to prove me wrong and
let me say this I'll make this offer as
as as good as I can let me do this I'm
just gonna switch to guest Mobutu let me
switch my microphone now and I'm gonna
take somebody to explain to me this
power grab idea and I want you to listen
to the explanation and watch how it just
turns into word salad okay so this will
be a real-time demonstration all right
so take it out the microphone
all right I'm looking for a guest who
will make will connect the dots for me
and make the case and I only want to see
somebody who wants to make that case if
you have another topic I'm going to cut
you off so let's see somebody who can
make that claim I'll look for somebody
who's coming on new all right how about
Darth cupcake so I'm thinking somebody
who just signed on to be a guest because
I think it's more likely that you were
interested in that topic color can I
hear you hey can you hear me I can hear
you
hey all right are you here good are you
here to make the case that climate
change is all about grabbing power yeah
I mean if nothing else I think it's so
it's an unintended consequence or it
it's a required consequence of just
about any environmental policy up hold
on hold on I'm going to end a
conversation there because you are not
making the case so you're making a case
that it would be an unintended
consequence but that's not that's not
the claim the claim is it's an intended
scheme so I'm so I'm gonna click off
that guest and I want to I want to guest
who can actually make a case that it's
an intentional plot to gain power let's
add new guests again I don't mean to be
rude but I'm you know I just for the
benefit of the audience here will keep
things quick all right can you hear me
in here your guests how are you hey I'm
good can you do you have an argument
that the climate change argument is
really about gaining power so I'm not
gonna pretend like I'm an expert there's
a man on YouTube you may want to talk to
James Corbett but here's briefly point I
want to make when Congress gave George
Bush the ability to go to war with
terrorists and their allies that Barack
Obama would start seven new Wars right
that's not
all right hold on hold on caller are you
going to make an argument for why
there's an intentional power grab or are
you gonna make an argument that it's an
unintentional outcome dad it's there was
an intention when the know it sounds
like a conspiracy theory but people that
believe it now they believe it and
they're not trying to make a power grab
they really believe what they're doing
but if you look okay so you're all done
so you're not making the argument all
right I got to find somebody I'm sorry I
didn't mean to cut you off and be rude
but I'm really looking for somebody
who'll make the argument and what you're
finding what you're watching in
real-time is nobody's making the
argument that's that's gonna be my point
so I'll take another caller and watch
how watch how there were just hundreds
of people who said oh yeah it's all
about the power grab and and yet we
can't find anybody to make the case
all right color can hear me maybe
because you're an ignorant piece of
why don't you like get your head out of
your ass so stupid like you
think it's a power grab you think that
our earth dying is all some like stupid
scheme to get our do you not realize
what's happening in the world like
you're gonna be dead by 2050 so you
won't even understand how the
set the equator is gonna be unlivable
our country is gonna be uninhabitable
the green New Deal it's probably the
best thing going right now
right but the motives that keep
 it up I don't understand you you
must you are spreading ignorance do you
understand that there's some crusty old
white man I will get rid of him so that
collar didn't even know what topic he
was in he was arguing about climate
change which was in other words he was
arguing against the point I was asking
people argue for so whoever that caller
was if you believe that I'm a crusty old
white man who was opposing the climate
change you have not been paying
attention because whatever I am I'm the
opposite of that except for the crusty
old white guy stuff all right
so I wanted to you to hero crazy that
was but he was crazy in the wrong way he
was he was the other kind of crazy that
let me find somebody now you're watching
the experiment in real time so I'm gonna
take Christine and Christine your job is
to tell me the argument for why the
climate change is all about grabbing
power Christine are you there yes I am
can you hear me I can can you tell me
why the climate change topic is really
all a secret way to grab power I believe
that it is a way to undermine the
Constitution of the United States cause
anarchy and takeover a befuddled
populace hold on hold on
it causes here all right I got I got you
that that would be that would be the
point of it now connect it with some
logic and facts who is it who has this
plan specifically it has to be the
anarchists in our country and I started
with people like Saul Alinsky and that
Weather Underground and followed through
by Obama and Solyndra and all of these
things that go to the economy so so I
understand what the conspiracy theory is
so the conspiracy theory is exactly what
you just described so you described it
well thank you for that now the next
part is besides describing what it is
give me some evidence that's real yeah
in in the modern day so a 20-19 argument
that there's some real person and who is
that person and and and are they trying
to get power who exactly is getting
power people who no longer believe in
the Constitution the electoral college
and the founders I can't well in Turkey
in Turkey in Turkey is the opposite of
power right so the people who would like
to destroy the system and create anarchy
are the opposite of the claim the claim
is that there's somebody who's trying to
get power in Turkey is getting rid of
all the power so is there a claim that
there's some person or group who's
trying to get the power isn't that power
in in the abstract yes because it's a
power to destroy
but that's not the claim all right so
let's get something I'm gonna go to
another color so that would be a
different claim if there's a claim that
Anarchy is the goal that's a different
claim let's go to lavender Turkey but by
the way did you note that when the angry
guest came on to insult me that he
wouldn't even listen like he wasn't even
willing to listen to the other side I
think that that's that that may be a
consistent finding all right
lavender Turkey are you there yes
there's God what's up hey can you make
the argument that climate change is
really a scheme for grabbing power
had if we
are you going to make that argument or
are you now I'm here for that
I just I may have there was an audio
problem there but make your argument
that it's a power grab who's grabbing
power okay exactly who is the
beneficiary of this power grab
well the beneficiary would be the
democrat party obviously and and they
gives them more power excuse me I had a
whole thing in my throat there it gives
them because it furthers their agenda so
so who so it would get them elected I
think everybody agrees on that part
there's it's part of a you know a
campaign issue so that part I think
everybody agrees on but take it to the
next level where who are the specific
people who are the the people who are
going to get all the power who's that
gonna be I don't think there's a like
one specific person rubbing their hands
together going you know he gonna have
power you know I don't think all right
so you're not
make you look for somebody to make the
argument all right so I could do this
all day but I think you see what's
happening right so everybody when I
first said do you think this is a power
grab
you saw the comments it was yes yes yes
yes this is definitely a paragraph and
then I talked to what six people in a
row and nobody could make the argument
or even try to make the argument it was
all just word salad did you notice that
now that's what I told you would happen
before I did this live I told you that
there would be no argument but we all
believe that somebody else has won or
something like that all right I'm done
with that topic let me talk about
something else I introduced the idea of
the slaughter meter the slaughter meter
is my prediction of what the 2020 Rhee
presidential race would be if no
variables changed from what they are
today
so if you just straight line the
variables to the to the Election Day I
did have it pegged at a hundred percent
so until today the slaughter meter was
at a hundred percent because it said
that president would just slaughter
whoever he ran against didn't even
matter I have lowered the slaughter
meter to 50% here's why all of the
things that the president has done well
are going to be baked into the cake by
election 2020 in other words people will
stop worrying about Isis but they will
also stop giving the president credit
because it's going to be old news people
will get used to the economy being good
and they will stop thinking that Trump
had anything to do with it people will
you know and on and on right so what the
things he's accomplished are gonna feel
like you're taking them for granted the
big issue seems to be health care and
because health care will be the biggest
issue along with climate change and the
president has completely screwed the
pooch on this topic his odds of
slaughter are reduced by 50%
now again plenty of stuff could change
between now and election
so that could go back up to 100% and
could go to zero could be anything but
at the moment I reduced the slaughter
meter from 100 percent to 50 percent
meaning it's a toss-up right now and so
the president first said the president
first said oh we're working on the plan
CNN is reporting that they can't find
any life human being who's working on
that plan now it might have been they
plan to create a plan or something like
that but now he said he's gonna push it
off to 2020 he may or may not have
people talking about it there are
hundreds of different ideas floating
around and frankly I would say that the
president has completely failed on this
topic he's failed persuasion wise he's
failed politically and he's failed the
citizens all right so for those of you
who are pretty sure I never say anything
bad about the president I've been
hammering him on health care for a long
time and he's that probably his lowest
level of competence on that topic now
putting it in context I would say it's
the hardest topic because nobody else
has solved it either so it's hard to say
that this president is like a special
failure on this topic when nobody else
has ever solved it either and nobody has
a good plan that I've heard so if
there's no plan from anybody it's hard
to say that this one person doesn't have
a plan
so he's extra special bad but you can
say for sure he's not solving it and I
don't even think he's moving it forward
frankly the administration is doing a
number of things that are good such as
making more competition for generics and
things and if it's true that that Trump
stopped prescription medication praised
the prices for going up and he's made
that claim I haven't heard anybody
fact-check that I'd love to see the fact
check on that because I don't know if
that's true but they're at least doing
the right things that should stop the
prices from going up as fast as they
were so I'll give him credit for the
things he's
done but the health care thing is just
botched yeah there's just no way no nice
way to say it it's just botched and we
can't we can't just throw you can't just
give the president some kind of
automatic credit because he's on your
team you get you got to call a sometimes
you just got to call it the way it is
Healthcare has been botched now again to
be fair the Democrats have botched it
the Republicans in Congress have botched
it and the president is watching it it's
all botched there's there's nobody to
compliment here except here's
interesting thing there's one um
freshman Democrat who is recommending a
let's see if I want to describe it right
instead of Medicare for all in which the
country would have one Medicare or one
health care system he's proposing that
people could buy him to Medicare
optionally so you'd still have all of
your private plans but people could buy
into the government plan to compete
against the private plans and then you'd
have a good competition and that that's
somehow in lower prices I don't know if
that's true don't know if that's true
I'd love to hear smart people debate
that but here's what I did like about it
it's simple it's incremental it's easy
to test you could test it right at a
relatively modest price you could test
it you could test it in one state for
example let's say one state pick a small
state pick for a month and say let's
just try this in Vermont I'm just
randomly picking a state as tested in
this one state for one year
see if prices go down in that state I
don't know if that works that way maybe
prices are all the same nationally so
that doesn't work but the point is if
you could test it go ahead and do it it
would be the smallest change it
completely keeps intact the entire
private competitive situation but it
gives people some place to go if they
need cheaper health care and maybe that
would
so I'd love to see that idea debated
because here's here's the problem with
the health care discussion as soon as
you start you realize that the
conversation is so complicated and so
big that none of the people talking
about it understand it let me say that
again
there's nobody who talks about health
care who even understands it past the
surface it's just too big and
complicated I've dug into it just a
little bit just to find enough to know
that there's no such thing as a member
of Congress who's got a good handle on
health care that there's there's
nobody's even close so if you've got a
big complicated thing that you can't you
can't do a magic bullet and get in there
and say oh if we just go in there and
change this variable this all starts
working again there's nothing like that
this is big unwieldy you know that you
got lobbyists and health care and you've
got rules and regulations and you've got
you know millions of people who have to
be satisfied you know administratively
it's just impossible so this one
freshman Democrat in his name I can't
remember I guess I should give it more
credit comes up with the first simple
idea and it sounds simple at least
compared to all the other ideas you know
everything's more complicated than you
think but yeah it's confused all it's a
confuse awfully somebody says that's
right so the prices are high because the
public and the government can't tell
what's going on as long as the public
and the government can't tell what's
going on it's too confusing then the
prices will always stay too high so this
this one plan of creating a government
competition to the private industry
feels like you should at least give it a
try you know or at least I'd like to see
that a public argument you know let's
just talk about that thing maybe maybe
just see if that thing's enough all
right so the president is completely
failing us on health care and there's I
I can't I can't soften that there's no
way to soften that that's
complete failure let's talk about
something else
I tweeted around a clip of Don Lemon on
his show complaining about the Democrats
apologizing too much if you haven't
watched this video go to my Twitter feed
and you'll see it it's near the top it's
hilarious from from front to end and
it's hilarious not intentionally but
watching Don Lemon make the argument
that Democrats are apologizing too much
and President trumpet doesn't apologize
and therefore Trump will probably win
because the not apologizing is a
stronger look than apologizing all the
time and he played a compilation clips
of all the of a number of the other
candidates apologizing for things from
Beto to Elizabeth Warren - I don't know
who else was apologize Bernie was
apologizing Biden was apologizing and
and to watch Don Lemon completely come
over to the Trump supporter point of
view is astonishing and entertaining now
he would never say that's what he did
you know if he asked him hey did you
come over to the Republican point of
view I don't think he'd agree with that
the way that I'm characterizing it but
I'm still gonna characterize it that way
cuz that's how it looks to me so if he's
saying that apologizing makes you weak
and he's also saying Trump doesn't do it
and he's the way he's presenting it is
that it's it's an advantage politically
I'm gonna say he came over to the
Republican point of view on this because
Republicans have always been saying if
you let me put this in more context so
when the Democrats had you know their
one candidate against Trump or the
Democrats had no candidates against
Trump it was just Democrats in general
against Trump and against Republicans
they could insist forever on apologies
so it was a non-stop apology insistence
hey you Republican you said this
apologize father eyes apologize for this
Trump you have to apologize apologize
and I guess they were getting their
apologies but the problem with that
strategy is that it was always destined
to come back and cannibalize their own
party and now you're watching 16
Democrats in a situation where they've
created a brand that says they have to
apologize for stuff
what is the press going to do what is
social media are going to do when you've
created a situation where you've agreed
that you must apologize for even the
smallest transgression it becomes the
only news there won't be any other news
the entire news business will now
coalesce around making people apologize
so you think the Democrats are done
apologizing oh they haven't even started
because wait wait oh the election starts
and it starts getting more brutal I mean
it's sort of started but wait like it's
going it will be non-stop demanding of
apologies and it will just it will just
make them look like I know a bowl of
stale milk but speaking of apologies
there's an interesting story about the
the main actress for the movie up which
I guess is doing great box office
business as maybe the best horror movie
first week of all time or something
really it was a really big deal so I
understand the movie is great for horror
movies and the the main actress whose
name I hope I'm pronouncing right is
Lupita Nyong'o that's probably close
Lapita Liang yung go and she got in
trouble for saying that she she came up
with the voice that she used in the
movie the scary sounding voice after
listening to Robert F Kennedy jr. I
guess who has she says spasmodic
dysphonia now then the people who have
that actual condition spasmodic
dysphonia it's a vocal chord problem
they complained because she was just
using their condition
as you know a way to make some
entertainment in a movie now the first
part of it is it wasn't the only thing
she looked at it was sort of a composite
and you know that sort of informed her
choice but she is apologized so she
apologized for using a medical condition
and just sort of taking it and using it
in an entertainment fashion now what's
weird about this story is those of you
who have followed me for a while is that
I had that condition meaning that for
three and a half years I was unable to
speak in a way that people could
understand I could make noise but people
didn't know what I was saying because I
had that condition spasmodic dysphonia
now I had I found a surgeon who found a
technique for curing it and so as you
can tell I can speak now so I was one of
the first people in the world to get
cured of that condition
a lot of people don't know that it has a
medical cure so they still have it
etc but she apologized and I retweeted
her apology and first of all it was a
good apology because she explained why
she you know she gave some context
she apologized there was no hedging and
it seemed sincere so from my perspective
this is one of the few times I've
actually been in a group that was the
offended group I never get to be in the
offended group because unless you're you
know if you're not gay or black or or
you know some group that is more
typically offended you don't you don't
get to demand too many apologies because
you're just not in that group so here it
was this rare situation where I was in
the allegedly offended group now
somebody says were you offended no no
not even a little bit I was not even you
know a quarter of 1% offended in fact I
wouldn't even even known I wouldn't have
even known to process it that way if if
it had not been for other people being
offended I wouldn't have even known that
was the thing to be offended about
apparently I don't get offended too
easily but still
I accepted the apology in my tweet
apology accepted because I first of all
agree that you should accept apologies
when they're sincere and even when
they're not so my my view is that even
an insincere apology as long as it's a
good effort should be accepted because
it's a good way to organize Society I'm
not much about demanding apologies there
are situations where that makes sense
but that's not my thing I'm not the guy
demanding apologies which is fair
because I'm also not the guy who's
offended by other things so I think I'm
consistent there but when they're
offered I accept them and what I like
about this somebody says they're
offended for me yeah it's usually the
way it works what I like about this is
how she handled it so I've always put
this standard forward and I recommend it
to all of you if you're judging people
by their mistakes you're gonna be living
in a crappy world because we're all
making mistakes all the time so if we're
judging people by their mistakes you
you're just creating the world you don't
want to live in but because we're all
making mistakes all the time but if you
judge people by how they respond to
their mistakes then you've got a much
better system that's the system you want
to live in so I'll say her name again
because I'm paying her respect
Lupita nyong oh she made a mistake very
small one I knew it was a tiny little
mistake but she owned up to it she gave
a full explanation she offered what I
think is a sincere apology I really
think it was sincere done she handled it
perfectly I like her more than before
she made the problem let me say that
again if you handle your mistake well
I'm gonna like you more than if you'd
never made a mistake there's a there's a
something like that when it comes to
customer service there's a well
well-known studies that if a customer
has a problem and complains
and the in the business they complained
to handles it well that that person is
more likely to be a repeat customer than
someone who never had a problem so
that's an important thing to understand
if the company that did something to the
customer fixes it says oh my god I'm
sorry here's how here's what we'll do to
fix it you guarantee you have a customer
for life because people are very
influenced by how you fix a problem they
are not so influenced by the fact that
you had one right important point let's
talk about boycotts because it's in the
same kind of general thing so George
Clooney recommended that because the
Sultan of Brunei is implementing Sharia
law which will punish LGBTQ people in
that country quite brutally with death I
think so Clooney is saying we should
boycott the hotels that this Sultan owns
I guess Bill Maher came out on the other
side of this saying you know that
boycotts are lame and of course Bill
Maher has been on the on the receiving
end of a boycott I too have been on the
receiving end of a boycott and I'm still
there so the the receiving end of the
boycott is now fun yeah my my income
went down 30 or 40 percent just from
talking about politics and so boycotts
are no good but here's from with
boycotts and apologies they're like
viruses as soon as that first boycott
enters the conversation there's gonna be
more boycotts and you could find a
reason to dislike just about everybody
until you're boycotting a Democrat owned
business or a Republican owned business
you know the you know I don't believe in
the slippery slopes per se because
usually there's an obvious thing that
will stop the slippery slope from
continuing slides but in the absence of
any counter force you should expect
things to keep going in the same
direction
and with the apologies I don't see a
counterforce
it just looks like the poor democrats
are gonna have to apologize forever
there's there's no pushback to it
likewise with boycotts if you allow that
a boycott is a good thing to do in any
situation then you're accepting that
you're living in a world where
everybody's going to get boycotted
eventually so if you want to live in the
world where everybody gets boycott it
then boycotts if you don't want to live
in that world
don't boycott all right
I am boycotting answering my phone speak
speak you that I was complaining because
as you know everybody's getting more
robo calls and spam calls on their cell
phones I was getting me pretty much all
of my calls you know something like 95%
of all my calls were just spam so people
recommended some spam killer apps I had
not used any spam killer apps because
honestly I didn't think they would work
I hadn't looked into it I just didn't
think it would work it just felt like
the sort of thing that wouldn't work but
I I tried one which I loaded on my phone
and since I loaded that on my phone I
have zero phone calls blocking the
number doesn't help because the new
technologies and spammers are using it
comes from a different phone number and
often it says it belongs to some company
or person so that you can't really block
phone numbers anymore that used to work
but it doesn't work so I will just tell
you this there is at least one app that
does work and I'm not going to give it
advertisement for it because apparently
there are a number of them the phone
companies themselves produce some apps
to do that please use them and maybe you
can end this so if everybody uses the
the spam killer apps whichever one you
find it works for you then yeah blah
I'll say it again blocking the callers
doesn't work you can't block them
because they always come in on a
different number there's there's no
blocking that works in
all right let's talk about a lot of
people are talking about the molar
report so the the sequel to Muller
report is coming out let's call it
Muller to the sequel and this will be
the detailed report or as much of it as
we can see and people are already
salivating because they say waymond
Muller didn't say there was no evidence
of trumps misdeeds he didn't say that
he said it wasn't enough to convicted
aight I suppose so when we see that
report it's just gonna be full of stuff
that's bad news for Trump well I have
two points on that number one it is
impossible to tell the difference
between coincidence and confirmation
bias and evidence of a crime they look
the same for example if you saw
coincidentally a number of Trump
administration people forgot to report
conversations with Russians you should
say to yourself huh that raises a flag
let me look into this so there are a lot
of things that would raise a flag and
you would say I'd better look into this
but that doesn't mean there's anything
to it because presumably the Russians
were trying to talk to anybody who might
come into power so you should expect
that anybody who's close to power in the
United States would get at least a few
contacts or attempted contacts from some
Russians so even though it said it looks
like well this looks like evidence by
itself it's not but if I can find other
things then this would be meaningful
you're going to see a whole bunch of
stuff that looks like confirmation bias
that the Democrats will spin as where it
is it's proof that something was bad I
don't know why Muller didn't indict on
all this proof and the Democrat and the
Republican
publicans are going to say either we
already knew that it's gonna be stuff
like the Trump Tower meeting so we're
gonna say well we already knew that the
Carter page we already do that
Papadopoulos we already knew that so
you're gonna see a whole bunch of stuff
we already knew that that individually
didn't mean anything
there were coincidences confirmation
bias etc so my guess is that if there
was if there were even one new fact in
what's gonna commanded that Muller
report that was important
there will be new facts but if it if it
were somehow important I think we would
already know it don't you think do you
think there's anything in the Muller
report that's important and that we
don't know I don't know I I'm skeptical
I do think that repeat releasing the
report will give the Democrats lots to
lusty uses fodder I'm sure that because
just because there will be a lot there
that they can take out of context yeah
well did you see that Duke University
has to pay a hundred and twelve point
five million dollars to settle a case
because they were falsifying data for
their scientific grant requests let me
say that again Duke University had to
pay over a hundred million dollars to
settle claims that they had repeatedly
falsified data in their scientific
studies as part of getting money to do
more studies so I tweeted that around
with so I guess the science is settled
when you see when you see the Duke
University case and you see how
massively people were maybe not
colluding in terms of talking to each
other but we're individually all
criminal I think it's criminal isn't it
wouldn't it be criminal to fake data to
get money feels like that would be a
crime right
that's why they were being prosecuted so
if you see that many people who are real
scientists and probably you know have
otherwise good intentions they're real
scientists and they were criminals there
were actually criminals a lot of them it
wasn't like they said hey you got that
one guy hey Duke you know that one
scientist he got that one scientist who
keep some falsifying stuff it wasn't
that I don't know how many scientists
were involved but it was multiple and
there were multiple events it wasn't
even a one time occurrence so apparently
there is an ethic or a standard in which
falsifying data to get grant money is
not that unusual so if you're looking at
climate of science and saying to
yourself well there's no way that all of
these you know literally probably
millions of scientists could all be in
on it
it couldn't be a conspiracy where
everybody's in on it doesn't need to be
look at the Duke University case my
guess is that those scientists were not
colluding with each other they just all
independently said to themselves what is
in my best interest
and then they acted on their own best
interests what would make the larger
climate science conversation any
different than that it's the same
situation just larger it's just more
scientists getting more grant money on
other topics why in the world would we
expect that to be different from the
Duke University case now I always have
to add this caveat I think it's a
guarantee I think the given human nature
and how humans will always grab money if
it looks like they can get away with it
and it's a lot of money under those two
conditions we think we can get away with
it and there's a lot of money involved
you can depend
on anybody doesn't matter who they are
or how nice they were up until that
point you can kind of depend on human
nature to grab the money now I assume
that that is happening in climate
science at a massive level that people
are in fact falsifying data to get money
but here I want to be very clear about
this that does not in any way mean the
climate science isn't real
and it doesn't mean it's not a problem
those are very different things
you could have 75% of all the climate
scientists be literally criminals
literally they could actually just be
criminals falsifying data to get grants
just like Duke and it still wouldn't
tell you if climate science is a hoax or
if it's real age is what they're just
different things
if 25% of the climate scientists are
right we got a big problem and I I don't
know who's right because I can't
determine the rightness by looking into
it anyway the Duke University case
should give you pause about what you
believe from any large organization even
if they're scientists alright let's talk
about let's talk about gravity all right
here we're into Bonus Time all of the
people who only wanted to follow the
politics are already gone so I'm gonna
do the crazy stuff at the end are you
ready we're going into the crazy stuff
have you heard of string theory string
theory is this amazingly complicated set
of ideas that you can describe
everything in terms of physics and the
way the universe works in terms of some
equations if they can only solve these
equations but they're too hard to solve
so so string theory has been for a
couple decades the primary scientific
[Music]
area of inquiry to try to figure out in
Stein's you know if grabed failed effort
to find the unifying thing
that ties it all together you may not be
aware that it hasn't work I think it may
have worked in some minor ways but it
has not worked and it doesn't look like
it's close to working for figuring out
the model of the universe you know the
theory of everything so I would like to
suggest a competing theory that's right
I am a cartoonist and I'm going to come
I'm going to suggest a competing theory
for the theory of everything and the
string theory will look like it came up
you know it was thrown up by a
chimpanzee when I'm done explaining it
alright and it goes like this so first
of all this is a hypothesis and I'm
gonna offer a way to look into it
alright so I'm not saying this is true
this is just for fun and it's a
hypothesis it goes like this if we are a
simulation then the rules meaning that
we're programmed by some larger power it
would have programmed all the rules of
physics into our experience now if you
know about gravity and by the way
somebody fact-checked me on this because
again I'm not a physicist so fact check
this the theory of gravity as we
understand it is that everything has a
gravitational effect on everything else
in the universe it's just very small in
fact gravity is a very weak force you
need an entire planet before you can
even feel it
but it's true that this this has a
gravitational force to my cup it's just
very very weak but here's the weird part
the cup also has a gravitational force
on the planet like on the other side of
the universe if I do this I'm moving my
cup if I move my cup in theory it's
actually affecting a planet on the other
end of the solar system and in fact the
entire solar system so right now I'm
affecting the gravity everywhere in the
universe according to theory because
gravity is everywhere and it's all
connected
somebody needs to fact-checking on that
but I think is right now if you were a
programmer and you want to build a
simulation
would you build a simulation in which
every item has an effect on every other
item in the universe that would be very
complicated and probably you know would
be beyond your processing power unless
you were a super advanced you know alien
race here's what you would do more
likely more likely you would build your
model so it's the same way that we build
video games now so the video game
characters have have gravity but the
gravity in their video game it doesn't
have any effect on other video games and
other scenes so if a guy is jumping up
and down in your game you don't need to
include any code for how his gravity
affects anybody else you could treat all
the items like they have their own
gravity simpler right so let me suggest
this I'm going to give you a I'm gonna
I'm gonna update a theory that I've been
or a speculation or let's not the
theories not the wrong word let's call
it a mental experiment a thought
experiment that I introduced decades ago
it was this imagine that there's no
there are only two things in the
universe there's a gigantic ball that's
the size of the earth and it's thick a
big thick ball the size of the earth and
the only other object in the universe
besides this giant ball is you and
you're on it now if you and the ball
were both expanding in size but in
relationship to you know in a you know
in a like fashion so that you couldn't
tell so let's say the ball is expanding
and you are also expanding at the same
time could you tell that anything was
expanding and the answer is you couldn't
tell because you were expanding at the
same size as everything else would all
look the same all the time but if you
tried to jump off the ball the ball
would expand until it caught up to you
would it feel exactly like gravity and
would
look to an observer who also couldn't
tell that anything was growing that
somebody had simply jumped off the earth
and then the gravity brought them back
down would it look the same because it
would be easy to program an artificial
world to just say all right everything
in the universe is expanding all the
time because then you've solved for the
fact that my coffee cup is affecting the
gravity on the other side of the
universe because it would look like it
was because when I moved it it was
growing and it either got closer or
further from things on the other side of
the universe so in a tiny way it would
be as if everything was connected by
gravity but it would be easy to program
you just say everything just gets bigger
all the time now some of you are going
to say wait wait wait that doesn't work
it only works if you have two items in
the universe as soon as you throw in
orbits and you throw in the fact that
denser objects have more gravity as soon
as you throw in a few of these things
Scott your whole theory falls apart to
which I say what if you're the
programmer if you're the programmer you
it is very typical in the programming
world to build one general rule and then
when there are a bunch of things that
don't conform to the rule you put in the
special cases generally everything's
growing but if you need to account for a
let's say some density you throw in a
little code that compensates for that
you need to throw in some orbit stuff
throw in a little code to compensate for
that and in a very simple way you've
created an artificial world where all
the people in it believe that they have
something called gravity but in fact
they're just three or four coded rules
that create everything we see that
appears to be gravity so my my
alternative to string theory is coder
theater coder Theory Co de are the idea
that we are coded by a higher power
meaning a civilization of humans or
aliens or something it doesn't have to
be God and and so if you were to start
with
assumption and say okay if we were gonna
write this computer simulation how would
we do it we'd probably have a general
rule and then we'd have a few extra
pieces of code to take care of the
exceptions that's how we'd do it so
instead of looking for the single string
theory multiple dimensions impossible to
solve way of understanding the world why
not just say if we were gonna make this
world this is how we'd write it and then
you check to see if those assumptions
about saving resources you know bear out
there's probably some way to check it so
I'm not clever enough to know that
there's some way to check that
hypothesis but that's that's the
hypothesis all right not impossible to
solve impossible to test is it
impossible to test that we are coded it
might be but I don't accept that as true
I was accept only as true that it's not
obvious how you would test it but that
would be true of everything in science
to me I mean there are lots of things
that I wouldn't know how to test I mean
most of the things that physicists have
figured out I wouldn't have known to
even know what to test so the fact that
we don't know how to test it doesn't
really mean much if somebody says it's
impossible it would be impossible oh let
me let me say this it would be
impossible if you've got a false test in
which in which
that we had been coded that wouldn't
tell you because some of the coder could
have built in that coat to prevent you
from ever learning your true nature
but if you found a positive proof in
which you proved it was true then you
would know it was true so getting a
negative wouldn't tell you anything but
if you could get a positive result and
prove it that would tell you something
and I don't know if that's possible but
that's all I got for today think about
that and I will talk to you later