I've signed on at least a minute earlier
than normal and that will give you
lagard time to come on in
here I like that HW Tua has has become a
way to say hi HW do everybody HW
Tua all right get on in
here we're about to have a
show soon as I get my comments up and
running here on locals
I'm sure I can find
him come on there it
is good
times all right we're going to try
to put that there and it
works
T tada
[Music]
[Music]
all right good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams because that's what it is
and it's the best thing that'll ever
happen to you in your whole life but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a CPP or mug or a
glass of tank or CHS or sign a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure it's the dope me of
the day the thing that makes everything
better today with a little oxytocin
mixed in it's called the simultaneous
zip and it happens
now if you didn't know it this show
works best if you got a warm
beverage a blanket on your lap your legs
are up and you've got one or two cats on
your lap that's the way to watch this
show yes it is by the way after the show
after we're done with this live stream
uh Owen Gregorian will be hosting a
spaces on X where you can talk about
what happened on the show or I suppose
anything you feel like all right so
it'll be a little add-on to the show
Owen will be doing that on Spaces as
soon as we're done I I think he's only
going to be doing this on
Saturdays now one of the things I like
is when I say something that disagrees
with all the
experts and then I wait for people to
agree with me and I look around I go
pretty good point wasn't it and nobody
agrees with me and then I think maybe
it's the way I said it so I'll wait and
then I'll say it again and I'll think
I'm making a good point in this case
about Ai and I'll look around again I'm
like anybody agreeing with me and and I
can find nobody who
agrees but if I wait long
enough sometimes somebody smart will
agree with me and in this case Naval
ravikant was saying on a podcast with uh
Arjun himman I hope I'm saying that
right I did a podcast with him and nval
was talking about AGI now AGI is the the
AI version that comes after the current
stuff and is where we get to something
called artificial general intelligence
meaning that the AI is not just a clever
kind of tool but that it reasons just
like people now we're not not really
close to having an AI that reasons just
like people but the smart people say we
might be just a few years
away but here's what nval said that uh
agrees with something I've said he said
quote there's no intelligence that can
fundamentally understand something
humans can't
understand so he said that's what AGI
people get
wrong let me say it again there's no
intelligence including an intelligence
that people imagine were going to invent
next there is no intelligence that can
fundamentally understand something
humans can't
so the way I said it and this this is
the first time I've seen anybody smart
agree with me on on this point uh if we
were to develop an AI that was
legitimately smarter than people in just
general reasoning I'm not talking about
knowing facts or doing math because we
accept that they're already better than
us but in general
reasoning if it reasoned better than
us we would not accept it because we
prefer our Illusions and if it tried to
take them away because it reasoned
better than us you would say stuff like
oh you know your religion almost no
chance that's true not your religion but
let's say somebody else's you have the
right one you have the correct one but
suppose somebody else with the wrong
religion opens their AGI and it says uh
your religion is totally made up and
here's the
reasons it would be very disruptive and
then the next thing you say is oh we
better get rid of this AI it got the
religion question
wrong so if AGI gets to the point where
it disagrees with the smartest human on
that
topic we will still believe the smartest
human was right even if the AGI was
actually right in other words since we
can't judge what is smarter than us we
will reject it just like we do when
other smart people disagree with us so I
think there might be no path so there
there there there are two things
involved one is could you make it
smarter than people that's the first
Challenge and maybe you can't maybe it
can never be smarter than
people but if you
could we wouldn't allow you to implement
it so there's probably no path to it at
least logically there's not if it
doesn't work it doesn't work but if it
does work we'll say it doesn't work
those are the only two
paths anyway we'll see meanwhile
according to new outlas there's a uh a
100% successful rectal cancer
drug 100% every single person they
tested it on got fully cured every one
of them now this is the only kind of
science I
trust here when when I see a medical
claim uh we did a study and this drug is
30% better than if you didn't take the
drug will I still die oh you'll still
die yeah yeah but a little bit later
those are the ones I don't trust because
I think you can tweak your assumptions
until you get a 30% Advantage for
anything it wouldn't matter if it's real
or not you could always you could always
tease a 30% benefit out of the numbers
just by tweaking it but but you can't
really fake 100%
cure right if if if you had even if it's
a small study let's say and I don't
think this was gigantic let's say you
had 40 people in a study and all 40 of
them had a a deadly incurable cancer and
then you give them the test and all 40
of them are completely cleared you don't
really need to do a bigger test for
me if if you give me 40 and of 40
completely cured an incurable disease I
don't need to see the double random
trial I mean I'd like to see the I'd
like to see a larger trial to make sure
there's no maybe side effects we didn't
know about but I wouldn't wonder if it
worked if you give me 40 and a 40 I
don't need a larger trial to find out if
it does the main thing it's supposed to
do but you do need to test for um safety
as well that's amazing now um before you
get too
excited there two downsides here number
one is that
um it it's not necessarily transferable
to any other form of cancer so the
little bit that I know about the topic
is that every Cancer is a little bit
different so you could have one a
complete cure for it in one domain that
just doesn't make any difference in any
other cancer domain so that's probably
the case but a bigger problem is that uh
Scott Galloway has been saying for a
while that is uh
his plan for the rest of his life was to
enjoy his money and die of ass cancer
there's there's a famous clip of Scott
Galloway saying his plan is to die of
ass cancer you it was sort of a joke
when he says it but now apparently his
plans have been destroyed and he'll have
to die of something else so time to
Pivot LeBron James uh is talking about
how the NBA's failed
ratings uh are just going straight down
apparently interest in the NBA is way
down and a lot of people who are smart
are saying it's because of the
three-point
shot and I agree with that so several
years ago Stephen Curry one of the
greatest Shooters maybe the greatest NBA
shooter of all time um completely
changed the game because he could stand
practically anywhere on within half
court and sink a three-point shot now if
you have one of those on your team
you're going to win and sure enough the
Golden State Warriors won some
titles but other people saw it and said
hey why don't we take a lot of
three-point shots too and apparently the
statistics of it are compelling that if
you can just do a little bit better on
your three-point shots you'll you'll
beat the other teams so everybody turned
into this game where somebody will drive
into the middle and either throw the
ball up while getting
fouled uh or they'll toss it out to the
three-point shooter who will sometimes
make it and sometimes not but sort of
all that happens and you so you can
watch like 20 minutes of basketball and
think you just saw the same play over
and over
again and sure enough it's not
interesting anymore so I used to watch
at least the Warriors you know I didn't
watch generic basketball but I like to
watch my team because I had some stars
on it no interest anymore I I've been
trying to watch all season I keep
turning it on but indeed it's boring
now and I wasn't quite understanding why
it was so boring but it's definitely the
three-point shots because all they do is
come down the first open person takes a
shot sometimes it goes in and that's it
like why do I watch that
so yeah they get a problem because
because the
strategy is simply better with a good
three-point Shooters and they want to
win so how do you fix that I have a
hypothesis that all sports are terribly
designed because they were designed a
long time ago and then too many things
changed like tennis became the greatest
game and then it became just garbage
because the equipment got so good that
the serve and everything just dominated
the game and it became boring boring to
watch and uh then this three-point thing
ruined basketball so I think all the
sports need
to start from scratch and
redesign all right so as Tim y Tim young
points out on next
today that is the 20e anniversary of
Gavin nome's 10year plan to end
homelessness and it's worse than ever
speaking of ass cancer uh yeah San
Francisco is not looking too good 20year
anniversary of his 10-year plan to
homelessness all right uh meanwhile the
Biden
Harris did you know that the president
is this guy named uh Joe Biden no
seriously it is seriously there's a
president of the United States right now
and it's not Trump did you even know
that how many of you knew we have a
president right now who's actually not
Trump his name is Joe Biden or B Biden
Biden is it Joe Biden I think Joe
Biden yeah that that sounds right it's
Vaguely Familiar but uh apparently he's
still in
office uh and he just rolled out to a
4.28 $ 4.28 billion student loan
uh
forgiveness some call it a handout Fox
News calls it that um and it's uh only
for student loans for public workers I
guess public workers and there about
55,000 of them now here's a thing in
case you didn't know it this is just a
tax there's no such thing as debt just
going away somebody pays for it you know
if you money to a bank and you don't pay
it back it wasn't
free the bank paid your debt if if the
government gives away money that it
doesn't
have then inflation goes up because they
borrow money to pay it and inflation
takes my money away and that's a
tax so this should be reported as a tax
without proper methods so if you give
the government more than one way to tax
you you think they're not going to use
all the ways so the trouble is as long
as we have this uncapped budget and they
can keep approving things that can't
possibly be paid for they are paid for
by inflation which basically eats into
your money and so it's just a tax so
Biden har has just put another tax on us
great I'm so glad that they'll be
leaving
office meanwhile there's a report report
in Germany of this horrific Mass casual
event where a a quote Saudi doctor so
somebody living in Germany who was born
in Saudi and became a doctor I guess he
crashed into a German Christmas Market
so it was full of uh full of Christians
shopping killed at least two and injured
dozens and it was horrific um but the uh
the news started reporting that that he
was an anti-islam
activist so you say to yourself hm
Germany uh Christians
shopping um
Saudi and your brain automatically goes
to oh it's some kind of Islamic
terrorism but the news looked into his
social media posts and said wait a
minute he's actually anti he's
anti-muslim and so for about 5 minutes
we thought that an
anti-muslim person attacked a bunch of
Christians and killed
them and probably you said to yourself
I'm not so sure that's true that he's
anti-islam because he is Islamic and he
attacked a bunch of
Christians I'm not sure I can connect
those dots and sure enough social
media debunked it pretty quickly and uh
it looks like he's got he's got stuff
that maybe was harder to find that made
it very clearly he's clearly a
pro-islam kind of guy so it was
terrorism but uh he seems to have been
using a
technique um called uh if you've never
heard of this Taki Tak I don't know how
to pronounce it ta QQ I ye why does
anything have to have two Q's in it
does the first
Q not do the job if you put two cues
together in a word you pronounce
them or just the one Q I don't know but
anyway it's an Islamic doctrine that
encourages if if not just permits lying
and deception so if you're an Islamic
terrorist and you're really you're
really schooled in the Islamic way
apparently there's something
specifically allows you to lie about
what you're doing as long as it helps
you achieve your Islamic goal so The
Observers say the news was fooled he's
really he's really just an Islamic
terrorist you know I don't mind pointing
out that it doesn't seem like Germany's
doing well Germany's not doing
well well about New York City well it
turns out that the highest ranking
uniformed police officer
uh just had to
quit because uh of allegations that he
demanded sexual favors from
subordinates in return for approving
their
overtime now does it seem to you that
all local government is just
corruption I feel like everybody in
charge in local government is just a
Croc and here is the highest ranking
uniformed officer and he had something
he could sell basically which is
approval for overtime which was deeply
profitable the overtime was a really
good deal how good was it well the
person accusing him coincidentally the
very person accusing him of demanding
sexual favors for overtime is
herself uh was reassigned because she
was doing some kind of massive
overtime Ploy in which she earned
$400,000
for being a a
cop $400,000 a year for being a cop
because of all the overtime and she
wasn't even on the streets she had an
office job as a cop now do you think she
really worked all that over time or do
you think she did some sexual favors or
at least maybe he thought you he thought
he was going to get them uh in return
for approving the overtime that perhaps
wasn't even real so we don't know if the
overtime that got her $400,000 a year
was real
overtime or fake
overtime but either way it shouldn't
have been happening nobody should have
been making $400,000 a year in that
job so New York City seems completely
corrupt don't new business in New York
it's
crazy um You probably heard that uh
finally our government has approved at
least a temporary budget uh what they
did was they took that 1500 page thing
that monstrosity took it down to a few
pages it got rejected again they they
took it down to a deal that they had
finally signed and it was basically
the the country will keep running for a
little
while at the same levels except the more
money will be spent on Farm
bills and disaster relief for specific
disasters ones that already happened
so um but there's there was some debate
about the debt
ceiling
so apparently if I have this right the
current rules say that uh you're going
to have to do you have to do a little
more work to get past a debt ceiling
because one question is do you want to
put your budget into these categories
and this this a good budget and the
second question is is the
budget uh is the budget uh beyond the
debt limit because you don't want to
spend more than the law allows but they
can keep changing the limit so it ends
up that that debt limit is sort of a
negotiating
Hammer that gives the uh gives some
group in Congress a lot of power because
they they they want to promote that
limit but but in reality since 100% of
the time we end up raising the debt
limit
anyway then that would suggest and Mike
surich is sort of all over this today on
social media um it kind of suggests that
the debt limit didn't do us any good
because having that de debt limit was
supposed to give us some
fiscal um
responsibility it's like don't just
raise the debt willy-nilly you better
you got a limit
but we still raise the
debt and it just takes longer and that
debt limit is just an obstacle because
when you're done you're definitely going
to you're definitely going to raise the
de limit again because basic you we we
don't have a we don't have a government
that's efficient enough or honest enough
to fix that in theory if you and I got a
debt limit in our real lives here's your
debt limit we wouldn't find a way to
spend more than the de limit we would do
whatever we could to be under it but the
government doesn't need to because the
penalty comes on you more than
them I would love a situation where if I
overspend someone else will be punished
well I overspend on my credit card sorry
Bob but I'm going to do it again
tomorrow yeah I know it's all bad for
you but it's not that bad for me it's
not bad for me I get reelected so sorry
Bob I'm going to overspend my credit
card you'll have to pay it off
again so we don't really have a
government that has the
option of fiscal
responsibility the design of the
government the current design
guarantees that you run up debt until
you all die because the individual any
individual politician will get more
votes by approving money because the
people who benefit from it say oh that's
the guy that got me that money he got me
my
raise so politicians have an incentive
to
overspend and there's not really much
incentive to stop we have a A system
that bias
design guarantees our own
destruction because there's nobody to
stop the spending we don't have any
system for that the the debt limit was a
tri TR but in reality they could just
work around it and it was just a pain in
the ass but it didn't stop them from
overspending so here's what's
interesting we did see the beginning of
a new form of of
government do you remember the old days
when you thought the the mainstream
press was the Watchdog of the government
and as long as you had that fourth
estate you know the reporters were were
working as aders Aries to the government
and they were uncovering all of their
their plots and their ployes and so as
long as you had a free
press you could hope that your
government would operate in in good
faith because they get caught the Press
would just called them out if they did
bad stuff is that the current situation
do you think the current situation is
the Press will call them out for doing
bad stuff well have you noticed that the
Wall Street Journal did this great
expose on Biden's brain
after it didn't matter after it didn't
matter and Biden couldn't hurt them
anymore because they didn't need access
to the White House to get stories so as
soon as they didn't need Biden to give
them access to
interviews they threw him under the
bus but if he were in office and you
know looked like he could get reelected
or at least had any strength whatsoever
as president then the media would have
bowed to him so you can see you know the
except ception approves the rule so if
you were sort of new to the news and you
saw that the Wall Street Journal and now
the New York Times are talking about
Biden having a degraded mental situation
in office but they waited until his term
was over and he's not even showing up
for work basically
so so the fact that they tell us now is
proof that they're not a legitimate
Enterprise right a legitimate Enterprise
real Watchdogs would have said what we
could see with our own eyes his brain
isn't working and that's a real problem
but they didn't they did they waited
until it didn't
matter so instead what we saw with that
big 1500 omnius looking continuing
resolution we saw a new form of
government spontaneously form via X and
the way it works and I've described this
before but it's it's it's kind of
breathtaking the way it works is the
best
ideas bubble
up so it doesn't matter who has the idea
if they've got any presence on social
media and they say something smart
somebody who has a slightly larger
account and more followers probably is
going to see it and then they might say
huh good idea they repost it and then
then an even larger account might see it
and say wow I recognize that is a good
idea I think I'll steal it or boost it
and the next thing you know it gets to
the million plus accounts like mine and
then I I vet them like an editor I look
at them and say huh that's a bad idea or
that's a good idea if it's a good idea I
boost it now if a million plus account
that is active in the political space
boosts something you can pretty much
count on the largest accounts and the
biggest people in politics seeing it
because the other million pluses will
probably like it and and then it keeps
bubbling up now if it bubbles up
enough Elon Musk ends up commenting or
reposting on it and then he's got how
many
followers is it like 40 million or
something I I don't know what the number
is but basically the news follows him
and he you know his account is so big
that everybody pays attention
so on the political right there is a
mechanism that's formed uh I would say
evolved it wasn't any nobody planned it
it just evolved because even when even
when musk bought old Twitter we didn't
know that he would be tweeting every day
like many times a day and and on
politics I didn't know that you know I
thought he was just going to sort of buy
it and let the people who use it use it
I didn't understand maybe he didn't plan
it that way but uh that his involvement
had a
utility and the more popular he could
make his own
account the more punch had and then he
could take ideas that bubble up as well
now when people look at it from the
outside they say oo Elon Musk is is
making the things he wants to happen
happen so it's all selfish and he's
doing it for his companies that's what
all the dumb people in MSNBC say they
say that Elon Musk is really just doing
it for his own profit and he's making it
look like maybe it's good for you but
he's really doing it for his own
profits which is the dumb
take he's very clearly doing it for
what's good for America which is also
good for him and everybody else in
business so yeah it's good for him but
that's okay if it's good for us we like
that yeah I um when Elon Musk made a
comment on one of my posts I think it's
up
to uh 14 million I think 14 million
people saw a post just because he
commented on it one of mine and I saw
Owen say the same thing so yeah and Elon
Musk post goes a long way but here's the
thing the left doesn't understand
when Elon Musk has an impact like he did
this time on that 1500 page um
monstrosity he's not acting alone the
entire model depends on everything he
does being completely
transparent and then tens of millions of
people being completely in agreement
that's the model because he's only doing
things that are common sense he he
doesn't do things that are just purely
partisan politics he just doesn't do
that if it doesn't make sense when you
look at it he doesn't do it so it's it's
not that hard for him to get tens of
millions of people to be on his side so
when you say I don't I don't think we
should approve a 1500 page bill with no
time to read it can you think there's
even one citizen of the United States
that disagrees with that
position no there's not one there's not
a single voter who would disagree with
the idea that maybe we should pass bills
that we understand nobody so it's not
even political I would argue but his
power comes entirely from saying things
that we all agree with we see it we know
exactly what he's doing and we keep
saying yes do that yes yes do that do
more of that so when the the bad
guys the
Democrats the the the world is basically
now now it's not just Democrat versus
Republican because you see how many you
see the type of people who are backing
Trump now and the most prominent ones
are not
Republicans so to say that it's
Republican versus Democrat feels a
little stale you know what it feels like
it feels like Common Sense versus
gaslighting the Democrat Party is only
gaslighting they don't even propose good
ideas anymore if they ever did they
purely run Ops to make you think that
what the common sense people are doing
isn't common sense it's all they
do and and I think the most devastating
thing that Trump has brought to politics
is common
sense it's devastating because the
opponents don't have they don't have an
argument for common sense so they have
to come up with a a whole gaslighting
architecture and make their their winged
monkeys and the media you know parid it
like is real that's how we got Biden is
perfectly fine the way you get Biden is
perfectly fine is you ignore Common
Sense we could all see he wasn't you
ignore common sense then you get all
your winged monkeys in the media to to
to repeat it oh he's fine he might be
the best Biden we've ever
seen Joe Joe Scarboro said
so just just think about that
reframe as you watch new news develop
and see if it's true the the so-called
magga group will will come up with
something that's common sense I'll give
you another example here's some common
sense you take RFK Jr who's willing to
do the work and has all the capabilities
in the world and he wants to fix our
food
supply common sense now do you need to
agree with every opinion that RFK Jr has
in order to get the benefit of him
fixing our food supply if he can do it
no you don't have to agree with
everything he's ever said you just can
take the good parts also called common
sense so what do the what do the
Democrats have to do the Democrats can't
disagree with common sense so they
Gaslight and they say that their own you
know somebody from their own party not
too long ago RFK Jr is this antiva guy
who wants all your children to die so
they have to create a whole Gaslight
fake Enterprise because you can't say
Common Sense makes no sense here's what
here's what RFK JR says that's common
sense uh on vaccinations let's say um we
should we should test them better
because there are indications that
they're causing
problems what part of that is a problem
but the but the Democrats have to
Gaslight us and tell us that he wants to
uh without without regard to science he
just wants to remove what's good for
your baby so that that's what the
Democrats turn it into because they
can't argue with common sense which says
maybe we shouldn't put things in our
babies bodies if we've not tested
them
sufficiently and if we don't have enough
you know recourse for the that made it
pretty common sensical I mean you could
argue but you'd have to argue it on the
common sense basis but they don't do
that no they come up with a an op and
they Gaslight
us so is this new form of government I
don't know what I'd call it it's like a
it's like a bubble up Social Media power
where the power that Elon has comes
entirely from the bottom up whereas the
Democrats are pretty much a top- down
organization here's the new talking
point everybody do the new talking point
and by the
way this is um sort of an Insider's
point of view Republicans don't have
talking
points do
they because it seems like if they did
somebody would have been sending them to
me by
now nobody nobody's ever sent me a
talking point and you know I'm I have
enough of an audience that if if
Republicans cared about creating talking
points and distributing them it would be
happening but people on the political
right do end up having eventually they
have something like a unified
opinion but the way that forms is in the
best possible way it
evolves so on minute one of a new news
item I'll be tweeting about it you know
several dozen other uh large accounts
will be
posting about it and we'll look at each
other's work and then we'll decide who
had the best take and then somebody will
start tweeting oh this is the best take
and then other people will say that was
the best take and then the best the best
frame of something just bubbles up and
next thing you know somebody like Elon
Musk is looking at and say yeah that's
that's a good way to say that and then
he'll boost it so it's top down versus
bottom up and it's com sense versus
gaslighting and the whole Democrat
versus Republican thing I can barely see
it anymore you can barely see it because
the common sense people on the left just
move to the
right anyway so if Trump and Elizabeth
Warren are both in favor of eliminating
the debt
ceiling I feel
like I feel like we should do it I don't
you know my my instinct was that the de
ceiling provided us some benefits
because it was like a little bit of
discipline on spending but they found a
way to make it useless you know it's not
like the people who u i I think
cernovich says it best it's not like the
people who were saying I want that this
debt limit is mattering it's not like
they're stopping anything you know they
end up voting for the increase in the
debt limit too eventually um
but you could also argue that they got
something out of it which is the
simplification of the bill down to
hundred some
pages and got rid of some of the the
porky stuff we didn't
need
um now of course the uh gaslighting is
that uh the me the it's obvious that the
memo went out and the Democrats are
going to Gaslight and say oh Elon Musk
is the real president now and Trump
trump will have to play second fiddle
because he's just a puppet now he's a
puppet to Elon Musk
and um apparently Trump in an interview
said that Elon called him before
weighing in on this spending Bill and
Trump said quote I told him that if he
agrees with me that he could put in a
statement so so Trump wants you to know
that he's the boss and and then Elan
musk called them and got permission and
did it now is that
true is it is it true that Elan called
him and asked for effectively permission
to take a strong stand about the
bill I don't know but you know what I
like about it it doesn't
matter because he did agree with
Trump so what matters is that we got a
good result and Trump is wisely saying I
was the boss he called to get permission
I'm sure musk will back him up on that
because musk doesn't want to be seen as
you know taking the the light away from
Trump and so now they have a they have a
AV version which is believable it's
believable I but it's
convenient yeah I I'm not sure there was
a phone
call but I don't know that there needed
to be because it's also true that musk
probably knew what Trump wanted and it
wasn't hard to be compatible with it and
he would have known that if he went
against trump it would be dumb and if he
planned to go against Trump he would
have probably check that right but did
he really need to
check to agree that a 1500 page rushed
thing with a bunch of pork in it was a
bad idea did he really need to ask Trump
about that or could he just look at it
and say nobody wants this there was
literally nobody in the United States
Trump didn't want it nobody wanted it
did he really have to ask I don't know
if he did I would say that's a plus if
he didn't he still made the right guess
and Trump backed him that's good too if
if Trump had his
back and musk had Trump's back there's
your perfect situ ation if they have
each other's back and I think they have
each other's back on this for sure
because musk is making clear that
Trump's in charge Trump's making clear
that he's in charge and that musk got
permission which maybe he did maybe he
didn't but yeah this is what I want I
want this I want more of
this all right and and I promise all
Democrats that if Elon Musk started
pushing hard on something that was
against common sense I would push back
nothing would stop me from saying oops
that's you know that doesn't make sense
to me or maybe we need to talk about
this so I wouldn't worry that musk has
some kind of
power that is contrary to what tens of
millions of Americans who agree with
them want I'm not yet once see him do
anything that didn't have a solid Common
Sense base to to it now some of you will
say Scott you say there's no such thing
as common sense and I
do so I'm using it in two different ways
there really is no such thing as common
sense because we disagree what is common
sense but when musk says uh the risk
reward of doing this is better than the
risk reward of doing the other
thing he's usually right in a risk
reward sense so I'm using common sense
as a stand in for if you look at the
risks and you look at the rewards it's a
good bet that's what it really means in
this
context anyway so got some government
funding
um it does feel like all the smart
people are on one side now and and if
there are any smart people left on the
Democrat side whatever intelligence they
have is completely disguised by the fact
that they're going along with the with
the gaslighting so you might have some
brilliant people who are also
Democrats but as long as they're buying
into the I'm going to promote the
message that came from the top of my
party no matter how ridiculous it is
they don't look
smart so there's no point in being smart
if you can't act smart so I'm going to
say all the smart people who are willing
to act smart have already joined joined
one side yeah
all right
um so here's another gaslighting
example um You probably heard that the
Democrats were saying those darn
Republicans who turned down this funding
bill uh they turned down funding for
Childhood Cancer how many of you saw
that in the news yesterday that that
what was in that Omnibus Bill that the
Republicans turned down oh first they
said it was
bipartisan that the Republicans were
turning down something their own party
agreed with it was bipartisan at first
which is a lie and then secondly that
the Republicans said no to a package
that
included funding for Childhood Cancer
and that was gaslighting to so here's
the truth when they say
bipartisan they mean four people were
sitting in a room and at least three of
them were
corrupt the reason I say at least three
of them is cuz if I say four of them
then there might be some good people who
are in the room once in a while and I
don't want to throw them all under the
bus but mostly we heard that the 1500
page one was negotiated by four people
right four leaders negotiated it you
know and lobbyists probably wrote it and
everybody else didn't even see it didn't
even have any input didn't have a vote
so they're calling bipartisan something
that had two
people on each side is that bipartisan
to you is it bipartisan if
99.999999% of the people didn't even
know what was happening no that's not
bipartisan that's people who have
specific personal interests you put them
in a room and they will Express their
personal interest and try to sell it to
you as bipartisan so I think anybody
who's four people in a room coming up
with a 1500 page document to me that's
just
corruption that's just corruption now
they might argue well it's the only way
to get it done because if you have too
many people you can't agree on anything
maybe but don't call it bipartisan just
say the leaders negotiated it if you
said to me the leaders you know two
leaders on each side negotiated it I
would say okay but if you say
bipartisan it would sound like the bulk
of the Republicans and the bulk of the
Democrats were on the same side nothing
like that happened so bipartisan is a
propaganda word the way it's being used
a real bipartisan would be lots of
Republicans and lots of Democrats were
on the same side for something that's
not what we're talking about we're
talking about pretending to be
bipartisan because four people were in a
room so bipartisan is um and
then the Childhood cancer story Robbie
Starbuck does a good job of explaining
that did you know that back in March
Republicans had already passed that
bill so the the exact cancer funding
bill that Democrats say Republicans are
not funding they had already passed so
Republicans had already passed it in
March and then they handed it off so
that Schumer could get the Democrats to
vote for it and then Schumer never put
it up for a vote do you know why because
he wanted to build it into this
presumably wanted to build it into this
Omnibus thing so that if the Republicans
later said no to the omnius which had a
bunch of things that Republicans didn't
want then Democrats could say
gaslighting they could say oh it looks
like Republicans are against cancer
research for children and that's exactly
what they did the Republicans said no to
the omnius and the Democrats immediately
saidou saying no to Childhood Cancer and
that was a
ploy that was an
OP it was
gaslighting so again when the
Republicans decided to say yes on
Childhood Cancer what was
that well I would say common sense but
also probably compassion because you
hear you hear kids in cancer your
compassion kicks in pretty quickly so
you know whether it's Compassion or
common sense I I like both of those if
they can work together so the
Republicans said there let's do this
thing and then the Democrats figured out
a way to stop it for months so they
could turn it into a
tool I think Republicans just said is
this a good idea yes or no and the
majority said
yes I don't think there was anything
else in their decision just is this a
good idea and then Democrats turn
everything
into an OP everything's an OP to stop
the common sense people from doing what
they
do so that was pretty Stark of course
you know the Biden brain R
Revelation that the fact that the Wall
Street Journal and the New York Times
are now saying
unambiguously just
unambiguously that Biden was never from
day one of his term never mentally
competent and his staff massively
covered it up now there's a Clinton
campaign adviser El mutter he was on
news nation and he points out that uh
he's worried that the Democrats have
lost the moral High
Ground
really really th this was the thing that
that cost you the moral High Ground it
wasn't the Russia collusion hoax so the
Russia collusion hoax didn't no problem
it wasn't the it wasn't the Biden crime
family there was obviously selling
access and and probably something for
Ukraine really that that didn't lose
them the moral High Ground Running kamla
Harris for president didn't lose them
the moral High Ground getting 51 you
know ex Intel people who were just
pro-democrat I guess to to say that the
laptop was
fake that didn't lose them any moral
High Ground at all that the January six
in Insurrection hoax the fine people
hoax that didn't lose him any moral High
Ground nothing no it was this we had to
wait till this to lose the moral High
Ground I think you're a little late Al a
little late but I will agree with him on
one point
those other things really did not change
the moral High Ground I'm not sure that
this will
either so far the media is playing
another
Gaslight here's what you thought
happened here's what you thought
happened you thought that the
media um is coming clean now because
it's safe to come clean if if they say
Biden was mentally incompetent now it
doesn't change their access to the White
House if they had said it earlier the
White House would say oh great CBS News
if you can do a hit piece on us how
about nobody in our Administration gives
you an
interview and then they would be oh well
that would put us on a
business so okay we'll just say whatever
you want to say
so here's what you may have
missed the media are playing a gas light
on You by pointing
the Trump
advisers gaslighting on the country so
what the media is trying to sell you is
that they also didn't know that Biden
was incompetent on day
one you thought you were
mad that the media was covering it up
and that the administration was covering
up Biden's
brain how about the fact that the media
is trying to Gaslight you into thinking
that they didn't
notice that's right the Wall Street
Journal wants you to know that until
just
recently they they couldn't get this
scoop do you believe that do you believe
that it's only recently that they could
get the
scoop come
on every person in the media knew that
Biden's brain was bad they are the enemy
every person who didn't tell you that
Biden brain was bad are your enemy
they're your
enemy now you shouldn't you know don't
do anything bad to them of course no
violence no violence we're just talking
hyper with
hyperbole but uh you know I will give
credit to uh lots of characters on Fox
News and probably breitbard and a lot of
other places but on Fox News you could
turn it on and find out that Biden that
Biden's brain was bad am I right was
that true if you watch Fox News from any
time from 2019
on prominent host in opinion people the
opinion people not the news people but
the opinion people were very clear that
he obviously had a mental
decline very clear but you know no only
the people are agreeing with Fox News
watch it anyway so didn't make enough
difference yeah so now the people who
like they never noticed are trying to
convince you that the reason they never
noticed is that the staff hit it so well
they didn't hide it so well it was super
super obvious to all of us
anyway um so it's the cover up of the
cover
up and then it gets worse uh so after
this story comes out that Biden was
always mentally degraded from day one uh
um there's a press conference and kin
Jean Pierre did not get one question
about the Revelation that her boss was
mentally incapable from day
one nobody in the Press Corp asked the
question about why they all lied about
Biden's
capability why did they do
that well they wouldn't have gotten any
kind of a good answer so maybe there was
no point in even asking but usually the
press the Press events are about the
Press grandstanding with a question you
never get a good answer the answers are
relevant uh but at least answer ask the
question anyway Ryan uh cedra pointed
out the Jean Karen never got that
question it's
amazing
um and now we're hearing that uh who was
it the notic this was it Breitbart that
uh Biden met with his own cabinet less
than he met with uh Hunter Biden's
clients so apparently we have confirmed
evidence that the that the president of
the United States met more with his
crime family business than with his own
cabinet
now everything's as exactly as bad as
you suspected it might be
so at this point everything about Biden
was true um his brain was gone true he
he was the head of a crime family true
he was the worst president of all time
which I've been saying for a long time
true uh he picked an incompetent VP
which I've been saying for a long time
and we all saw that that was true um
however I would like to say that
although Biden will have few blemishes
on his
legacy is that fair to say Biden will
have a few blemishes on his legacy but
he did accomplish one
thing that I think you have to
appreciate the complete destruction of
the democratic
party he absolutely destroyed the
Democratic
party not intentionally but in their
support of him I I do think they did
lose the moral High Ground uh on this
issue more than any other issue because
we all understand it so easily
and I don't think they could ever
forgive him I I feel like I feel like
even Democrats are going to say he was
the worst president of all time because
they're going to see that how much
destruction he caused and you know while
he was in office and before he was
running for office it wasn't obvious you
you got a few things done so you say oh
Legacy but once he's destroyed the
entire Party by being party to this this
big lie of of his mental
capabilities speaking of that breit bar
uh gave liar of the Year 2024 award to
Joe
Scarboro for his famous statement I just
have to read it because no matter how
many times you hear it it never gets
less entertaining you've all seen the
video a hundred times of Joe Scarboro
saying start your tape right now cuz I'm
about to tell you the truth and F you if
you can't handle the truth this version
of Biden intellectually analytically is
the best Biden ever not a close second
and I've known him for years the bensis
have known him for 50 years if it
weren't the truth I wouldn't say
it I I think that little uh
Soliloquy explains everything about the
Democratic party and their winged
monkeys in the news it's all you need to
know
anyway um apparently the uh military's
new new
budget um is going to ban Health Care
funds for sex changes for minors as well
as cuts to Dei according to the Daily
Mail that feels like a step in the right
direction cuts to
Dei
um of course many Democrats were in
strong opposition to the cuts to D I but
they did get enough bipartisan votes to
pass it so what does that tell
you so they cut
Dei and there were still enough Democrat
votes to pass
it that's like the best news you've
heard in
years by a bipartisan
vote Dei got CAU in the military
bipartisan I didn't feel we' ever get
there it just that felt like something
that could never happen but there are
Democrats who are willing
to to say that the Dei is clearly a
failure now we don't know if B Biden
will sign that budget but I guess he
will uh some Amazon workers who are
basically contract employees are going
on
strike um but they're Teamsters so
10,000 Amazon workers in the Teamsters
Union are going on strike but Amazon
says it won't affect the holiday gift
deliveries how in the world can 10,000
people involved in delivering go on
strike without affecting deliveries do
you think that's
true if it is true all 10,000 need to be
fired immediately because if they don't
do anything that helps the deliveries
get there and their job is
delivering maybe they just Prov they're
unnecessary they're probably unfireable
for some reason
well there's news that the ukraines have
sent suicide drones to blow up seven
different targets in Russia's fifth
largest city
Kazan so it's 700 kilometers east of
Moscow and there's some videos of a
drone hitting a building that a lot of
people on X are calling fake it does
look
fake uh I don't know that it's fake but
in our world of deep fake in in AI it
kind of looks
fake I'm going to wait I'm going to come
in on the side of people who say that it
looked fake it looked fake
um and it would be kind of surprising if
somebody had their phone on just in time
to catch the the the Drone hitting a
building that they didn't know was
targeted in the first place so maybe
maybe it's true no I think it's probably
true that the suicide drones hit the
City I just think that maybe that one
video that's getting the T making the
rounds um there are four buildings hit
with drones I'm hearing four
buildings
uh Keith alberman said to Elon Musk you
also suck at politics LOL Fu racist fa
fascist and El musk replied you elevate
tourettes to
poetry you elevate tourettes to
poetry that's
funny anyway so my question is why would
Ukraine attack that City in Moscow
now why would they do that are they
trying to tie Trump's Hands by making
sure that they deepen the
conflict or are they trying to help him
by giving Russia you know more things to
worry
about I don't know it doesn't feel like
it's a great plan to attack uh
residential areas inside
Russia at the
moment but maybe they know what they're
doing I don't
know um Byron York had a great article
on uh how the Democrats are worrying
about cash Patel using the FBI to Target
political enemies
um he points out in a satirical way the
things that uh cash Patel might do as
head of the FBI if he gets all the way
there um would he open investigations on
presidential candidates now you'll
recognize if the satire doesn't come
through of my telling that these are all
things that the Democrats did to
Trump so would cash Patel be as bad as
all the things that Democrats did to
Trump well here's the list of things
they did to Trump open investigation on
him while he's a presidential candidate
deploy undercover agents and
confidential sources to spy on the
candidates advisors hire a campaign
opposition researcher under the guise of
intelligence gathering present false
opposition research to a court as a
basis for wiretapping a candidate's
advisors use false opposition reses to
brief the president of the United States
Ambush the president-elect with false
opposition resch seek to include false
opposition research and intelligence
Community products ambish Ambush the
national security adviser with wiretap
information on the pretense of a Logan
act violation mislead Stonewall Congress
on the investigation of the president
mislead the president about the
investigating investigation targeting
him and then Byron
says
sarcastically can you imagine the FBI
doing something like
that yeah I don't think Democrats have
any idea what their own party did I
don't think they have any idea if they
did uh the list I'm reading from is from
a post on X by Byron York so got to
Byron York's um X feed and you'll see
the list or you can you know I I
reposted it so you can see it
online all right according to Zero Hedge
half of Canadian manufacturing companies
uh are planning for layoffs if Trump en
actes tariffs so Trump has threatened
tariffs against Canadian comp companies
and now they believe the threats and
they're making plans in case they happen
so he threatened to threatened a 25% tff
on all Canadian Goods now I'm going to
say this again it saided yesterday but
maybe I haven't made my point well
enough um Trump's tariff negot
negotiations are just about the most
brilliant thing I've ever seen and only
talking from a persuasion point of view
if you're talking from a factchecking
point of view not so good not so
good but he's not operating on a
factchecking plane he's operating very
obviously you know nobody would doubt
this he's negotiating with the world so
Trump is already
negotiating but it's he's in the priming
phase so he's simply getting people
ready for the the serious negotiation
which I also called negotiating when
you're just priming them for later and
the priming goes like
this uh that Trump believes that um
tariffs are an amazing amazing tool that
make money for the United States so he
definitely wants to use them he wants to
use them big he'll use them everywhere
that people don't give us what we want
and it's going to be a great great deal
so we win we win if we tariff and we win
if we get what we want in a trade deal
so he's got two ways to win he wins if
he gets the Tariff he wins if they cave
and give him what he wants two ways to
win now what did the fact Checker say um
Scott I I I don't think he even
understands how tariffs work now really
really you don't think he understands
how tariffs work uh and then they would
say because the American company pays
the
Tariff he knows
that he knows that of course he did but
what he's doing is brilliant because he
created an asset and of thin
air the asset is that he loves tariffs
and he can't wait to put them on
you that's that that was created in a
thin air do you know what every other
politician would have said well the last
thing I want to do is put on a tariff
but if I have to if I have to I will
and then you've told your negotiating
partner that you don't want to put a
tariff on and then they say well he
doesn't want the Tariff so we don't have
to negotiate too hard we don't have to
give them what they want they're not
going to put you know they're not going
to put a 25% tariff on every good that
would be terrible for American consumers
and he must know that so therefore we
can ignore his tariff
threat but can you ignore Trump's tariff
threat When You Believe
you believe that he believes that the
more tariffs he puts on you the better
the United States will be and so will
he that's what makes 50% of Canadian
companies make a plan for 25% tariffs
because they believe that Trump believes
tariffs are the greatest thing ever now
when I say that he created an asset and
a thin air every other politician said
tariffs are terrible it's the last
resort no
tool they took their own tool
away Trump says tariffs are wonderful I
would like to bathe in them I can't get
enough of them just give me any excuse I
would love to I would love to cover your
little country with tariffs until you
can't sell a single thing in the United
States oh I love tariffs oh there's
nothing you could do to talk me out of
it wait
what oh You' give me all the concessions
that I've asked for in the trade
deal huh I still love Yeah but I still
love tariffs tariffs are awesome I I I
appreciate your offer that's the best
offer we've ever gotten but I love
tariffs so okay okay okay we can sweeten
the deal that was the best offer we've
ever made for a trade deal
but we don't want the tariffs so all
right all right we're going to give you
what you want then Trump will
say well you know in the interest of
good
relations I really wanted these
tariffs but all
right he created an asset and of nothing
and then he's going to trade it nobody
ever did that before he's the only
person in the world who could pull this
off so
even I even I in the beginning of this
said this doesn't work because the
tariffs are bad for Americans how how
can you use this as a weapon and then I
find out how you can use it as a weapon
he is convince the world that he's not
rational about
tariffs and you know
what there's nothing I could say that
would ever change
that you know you think to yourself but
Scott what you're giving away the game
no I'm not because no matter what I say
Canada is still going to think he's
going to do it they're not listening to
me and by the way he would do it this is
the beauty of it it's not a
bluff if it were a bluff I don't think
he'd get away with it but he would
actually put a 25% tariff on every
Canadian good he would right so it's
it's not even though he's created this
on a thin air he would still do
it see that's the beauty of it he would
still do it even though it's just a
created
asset anyway the the level of Brilliance
in this negotiation wise is he's not
just a good negotiator he's just
creating things that didn't exist before
I mean that's we've never even seen this
that's a level you've never seen before
it's amazing
anyway normal politicians just can't do
that um remember I talked yesterday
there was a story about a a Fusion
Energy plant that was going to be built
by Commonwealth Fusion systems and it
was all approved and it was a MIT
spin-off and you know they they had
their they had all the state approvals
and they were going to go ahead and
build this thing and I said wait a
minute is this a typo
because there's no such thing as a
economical Fusion reactor how could we
have one that's been approved and
they're building it when it doesn't
exist so you remember that I was
skeptical that maybe they'd literally
just written down the wrong word like a
typo like do they mean fision but they
said Fusion because they got the two
reversed so today I have my
answer um there's an article in futurism
uh by Victor
tangerin and he he points out that uh
indeed Fusion has not been
invented at a scale they've done lab
tests where they can do it at a tiny
tiny scale and it works at a tiny tiny
scale but the technical
obstacles to go from the tiny tiny scale
up to a grid siiz you know full full
deployment would require breakthroughs
and
innovations that are unimagined so far
meaning that they don't have a plan to
build a thing they have a plan to figure
out how to build a thing and figuring
out how to build it might require
building it you might have to build it
to find out if it works and then if
you're lucky and something doesn't work
maybe you've built enough that you can
tweak it until it works so
you know billions of dollars are on the
line and probably billions more I'm sure
there'll be overruns there always are so
it's a multi-billion dollar bet that
this particular group of cats that come
out of MIT can conquer so far
unconquered
problems and big
ones now did I mention it's an MIT
spin-off If This Were anyone else
except for an MIT spin-off meaning I
assume it means that that is staffed
with a bunch of MIT
people I don't I don't know if you quite
understand what MIT is but that's our
smartest people those are our smartest
people engineering wise they're smartest
people if a if an MIT spin-off says they
can make this work or it's or it's at
least worth the bet you know nobody
knows the future but it's but if they
say it's worth the bet
because they can kind of smell it and
they they feel it and they think they
can conquer it I'm all for
it I'm 100% for this even if it doesn't
work because imagine if it
did that this is sort of a it's a
leapfrog
play if uh if China is building I don't
know dozens and dozens of nuclear power
plants they're going to get ahead of us
on energy and whoever has the best
energy program usually rules because
energy equals economics economics equals
military military gives you power so
energy economics military that's that's
the order of things if you get energy
right which the US has for most of its
uh its existence then you get the
economy and then you get the power
so having MIT the best of the
best trying to Leap Frog regular regular
fision and go all the way to
Fusion from a risk reward
perspective
perfect it's perfect if you said to me
Scott you know look let me just presume
some
overruns the United States wants about
five billion that a group of MIT nuclear
Engineers can solve the remaining steps
to get to grid scale Fusion
would you bet $5 billion in
2024 just in case it
works
yes yes because Fusion if it works and
therefore would be
reproducible uh changes everything it
changes everything so yeah if we get
there first this is
like everything it's our military it's
our economy it's our quality of life
it's it's America's reputation as
getting there first for the the
important stuff it's everything this is
one of the best bets you'll probably
ever see and it's funny to watch the
United
States Place basically a casino bat
except the odds are they're the house in
this case I guess because the odds are
with the house I like the odds I like
the odds so you know may maybe if I had
a deeper knowledge I'd find something
that I didn't like about it but on the
surface a to5 billion do betat that we
can leap frog the entire world on Fusion
oh I love that I mean I love that that
that is exactly that's common sense
there you go that's common sense there's
no politics in this that's just good
risk
management I would love to hear Elon
Musk and Sam alman's opinion on this
because they both have deeper knowledge
about
fusion um MSNBC says according to their
new boss uh they're considering to be
more news
oriented uh during the daytime and maybe
add uh some conservative
voices do you think MSNBC is going to
succeed by adding some conservative
voices well not as risk-free as they
think
because if they add conservative
voices uh they have the risk of being
Jennings I just I just came up with a
came up with a new word
Jennings do you all know what that means
so if you've been watching Scott
Jennings who is associated with the
political right
Republicans uh CNN hired him to be be
the you know the the lone voice of the
other
side but what they didn't count on
apparently this is me reading in between
the lines so uh I assume what they
didn't count on is how good he would be
at
it and unfortunately most of the clips I
see on social media involve Scott
Jennings making the rest of the panel
look like look like
clowns I think there were at least three
of them this morning and every time I
wake up there's a new Scott Jennings
makes CNN's panel look like clowns
and that's a big risk because he's he's
debunking the gas lighting which is the
entire left and and he does it really
well now the other way to do this is the
way I always tease um Fox used to do
this under the Roger Roger Al's World uh
so remember when the Hannity was Hannity
and
comes so it was a partner group so comes
showed the the Democrat side of things
and Hannity did the Republican side of
things and and you look at Hannity and
he was handsome and like I mean he just
had the whole package and then you look
at coms and and he looked like he like
wasn't fully
[Laughter]
formed he just didn't he just didn't
have the movie star looks or charisma so
she had one person with the looks and
the Charisma and the you know strong
voice and you know the strong mind and
then comes which was he was plenty smart
but he always looked like he was just
getting beaten up by Hannity every day
and eventually you know he passed away
so you could do it that
way and my guess would be that the msnb
staff and hosts would only allow that to
happen so here's what I would ask you to
look for if mm if MSNBC adds a
conservative
voice wait for it to be the least
capable person on the
right it will be the least sensible
person because then they don't have any
risk of their gaslighting being unra
unraveled so post millennial was uh
reporting on
that
um so apparently there's a school that's
going to use AI
teachers uh so it's a private school it
just got approval where is this it's in
Texas so you got it's called the alpha
school and it's going to have two hours
of
lessons taught by
AI but you know it could be different
AIS but AI so the two hours of lessons
will be on the The Core Curriculum that
you learn in school but then the rest of
the day will be they'll spend less time
in the traditional curriculum and
they'll use the extra time for workshops
that cover financial literacy public
speaking goal setting entrepreneurship
critical thinking and creative problem
solving how awesome is that now I think
they got it wrong on goal setting I
think that be should be systems instead
of
goals but uh teaching them practical
life skills and minimizing the time
they're they're learning how to do the
stuff that nobody needs to
do and it got approved and they're
really going to do it
man I'd want my kid to go to that school
the only thing I'd worry about is if
this prepares them for college for the
ones who want to go to college so I'd
worry about that um but otherwise H so
I'll give you an update my AI clone that
I plan to build uh I don't think AI is
quite there yet but when it gets to the
point where it can actually reproduce me
and uh knows knows what I tell it to
know about me which he can't do
yet as soon as it can uh my plan is to
make that available in part to
homeschools so I would like to when when
they're teaching this other stuff like
goal setting um it'd be great you know
if the the so-call the helpers they
would have humans who are not teachers
that would help them with this this
other Workshop stuff but I would love if
they used my
AI to teach systems better than goals
and basically the the techniques of
Career
Success and um my plan at the moment
would be to make that available for free
to anybody who in school and maybe I
don't know
uh maybe have some small fee for Access
if it's somebody somebody who's adult
and just trying to get some extra adult
education I'm not sure about that part
yet it might not need the funding but uh
yeah I I plan to be part of this yeah
yeah my AI could teach hypnosis in
theory again AI is not at a point where
I could teach it things and then it
could teach you it's not there but it
will be it will be
all right ladies and gentlemen that's
all I had for you today um after I'm
done um Owen will be hosting a spaces
that's an audio only event on X and I
think he'll fire that up as soon as I
you know almost as soon as I close down
here and anybody wants to continue with
anything that they saw here or anything
else um that would be the place to go to
do it so don't miss that
and um I'm going to talk to the uh
people on locals privately for a moment
my subscribers and I will see the rest
of you tomorrow if not on Spaces thanks
for
joining
and
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e