hey everybody come on in it's time for
swaddled in a cloth blanket with Scott
you know I just realized that the best
time to do this in the evening if I'm
gonna be doing two furs for the
remainder of the grown virus crisis is I
should do them at the same time am as
p.m. 7:00 a.m. 7:00 p.m. on the East
Coast
that's tennen I'm sorry on the west
coast on the east coast that's Ted
intent so I don't know if I'll actually
do that but maybe I will so how's
everybody doing doing okay in your
isolation I'm getting a little bit
squirrely I'm not gonna lie the only
people I've talked to who are not on
video seem to me my dog in my cat who as
it turns out are brilliant and
conversationalist so not nearly as bad
as your thoughts all right don't
complain what Sun FoxNews
counter-programming me there's always
got to be something on there all right
so I've got some questions as /
assignments for you meaning if anybody
knows the answer this question it would
be really really good to tell me or tell
the world I suppose and the first
question is this we've we've got good
feelings about this hi drew
hydroxychloroquine and as if through
Meissen so much so that Governor Cuomo
is going to be testing some starting
Tuesday so they'll start a test at New
York on that drug now here's the
question my understanding is we probably
don't have enough of it if it turns out
to be as good as we think that that
feels safe to say but as the is the
bottleneck in the the raw materials you
know is there a certain chemical or
chemicals they have to be mixed together
to make this thing
is it is that the raw materials that are
lacking or is it the actual construction
of the pill and then the shipping of it
so I'd like to know the answer that
because there's there's a really
interesting idea floating around that I
don't want to tell you because people
are working on it but I'd you know it's
just not my business to get you excited
about it but if you can tell me if the
bottleneck is in the materials or the
actual construction of the pill I might
have something interesting to tell you
all right your second assignment is a
question was asked on Twitter that I
don't know the answer to and so that's
what I'll ask you for if you can find an
expert to tweet at me and just answer
this question it was a very interesting
question that was if we know how long
the coronavirus can last on that
different types of surfaces its whatever
number of days depending on the surface
why can't we just take the n95 masks
after using them once stick them in a
paper bag put it on the shelf and then
just use it together in a week because
wouldn't everything that could be on it
just die because it's dry you know
presumably it would be dry fairly
quickly and nothing can live a week and
and there's nothing that would degrade
in the composition of the mask so that
was the question please do not take that
as a statement of some kind of quackery
coming from the cartoon this guy I don't
have an independent opinion of whether
that's a good or a bad idea I will say
this I did talk to somebody who directly
know is very well somebody who's in the
business so there's somebody who's you
know in the business and making these
masks at this moment and this is what
the person who's making the masks who
has you know some scientific and
engineering background to make the
statement and this is an exact quote all
right so I got back this
this quote now again do not take this as
my opinion and do not take this as true
it's a question you know if there's
somebody who could add something to this
does this make sense is it crazy so this
is what is the response back from
somebody who doesn't know what they're
talking about quote I would not
recommend reusing display disposable
gloves so that's important right don't
don't try to reuse disposable gloves
they're high contact surfaces but
certainly face shields and masks can be
reused this is somebody else's opinion
after spraying them or wiping them down
on both inside and outside surfaces with
a disinfectant and allowing them to dry
the exception would be if you know you
came in contact with a confirmed case
well maybe you want to throw that one
away but if you might see several
customers that you know are patients
that are not confirmed this one
individual subject to your fact checking
and getting confirming or debunking
opinions seems to think this would work
now the question I asked is well if
disinfectant is also in short supply
what's wrong with the first idea I've
just letting it age a week now you'd
have to wait longer I imagine you know
just spraying them with disinfectant and
then allowing didn't to dry yeah does
that kill everything I don't know but it
seems like waiting a week would right
yeah is ready I mean you can just add
days until you're happy it's a hundred
percent effective is it two weeks I mean
we're still going to be in trouble in
two weeks so that would be better than
nothing someone else asks this sort of a
follow-up question on the same topic the
corona virus becomes deactivated at a
certain temperature so somebody saying
120 degrees I've heard honored in 33 but
somewhere in that range 120 833 degrees
the virus breaks down
but can you heat the masks to that
temperature without degrading the mask
and one person and I don't know what
background they have I'm just going to
say that the question is out there so
this is not a statement it's still the
form of a question and somebody says
that they would maintain 95% of efficacy
if you heated them to 160 and the
hospital laundry dryers will reach that
temperature so I have a hard time
believing it would be that easy don't
you if you could just throw them in the
dryer and you know running for 10
minutes on the heat cycle and they're
all sterilized but they're you know just
because we went through the dryer it
might be a little less no I guess no you
say you same still 95 percent so that
would be the same as it was so could it
really be that easy that doesn't sound
right you know so with that without the
benefit of any scientific insight into
this question it feels a little too easy
doesn't it no you just throw them in the
dryer problem solved you know you'll be
good to go in 15 minutes that just
doesn't sound right but I'd like you to
see a an expert opinion on that so those
are the three situations one is heat one
is using a disinfectant and just wait
until they dry and oh and by the way
this is not this is not assumed to work
on every type of mask so the other
caveat I should have said is that it was
sort of depend on the masks and I don't
know exactly if we can tell which are
the ones that it works on but but
there's some thinking it would depend on
the masks so there's that there is a
website now that brands itself as a
medical equipment Clearing House because
if you saw the you saw the experts
talking you know that one of the big
problems is there are plenty of people
volunteering to make stuff but they're
also plenty of frauds and middlemen
trying to you know price gouge and you
got to weed them out
and then you've got people who want to
buy them so you got lots of buyers you
got lots of people who said you know if
I can find a buyer I'll whip up a
factory and start making them tomorrow
so you need to match them so allegedly
and here's my assumption so when when
the need became obvious to a lot of
people that there needed to be some kind
of a website so people can find you know
the the sources of the buyers can find
each other I'm sure that more than one
entity just got busy of bill one so I
don't know that this is the one but it's
the one that I'd know of so if there's
another one out there or tweet at me if
there's some competing one that does the
same thing and the website the URL is
project m95 as an ninety five max
project n95 dot-com so check that out so
if you're if you think you make
something and you're looking for a buyer
I guess that's the place to try to make
connection
alright I see somebody asking about UV
light and we see this question all over
I've got to guess based on just a little
bit of skimming I did on the topic that
there may be some specific cases where
UV light is better than nothing but I
don't know that we could get enough of
them and that they're the right thing
for these particular uses you know do
they do they penetrate surfaces what if
what if there are different conditions
so while I believe it is well known that
the UV light kills virus what is unknown
to me is if there are certain situations
where using it makes sense and then
others where it just doesn't make sense
so I wouldn't know enough about that
Bobbo just looking at just looking at
your yeah a lot of people have
volunteered to make masks all right so
if you look at some of my questions that
came to be on Twitter Robert Barr and
says what what if the Black Swan event
for those of you don't know that term
one event is the the once you know once
every hundred years or the the most
unexpected thing and it's big and it
changes everything so that's let's call
the Black Swan and what does the Black
Swan is event is the panic from the
pandemic rather than the pandemic itself
well I'm not sure I've seen something I
would call panic yeah I suppose that's a
matter of definition but I've seen
people taking care of their families
I've seen people hoarding but you know
mostly people acting rationally and just
want to get through it
so certainly people's nerves are frayed
etc but it's not really panic panic yeah
this isn't that kind of panic so you
know I guess the question would be
whether closing down the economy it's a
real question not the state of mind but
rather they you know what do you do
about it and I'll say it again the most
likely outcome is that things get darker
and darker until it looks like my god we
can't go one more day without opening up
and if by then we have more tests or
more drugs that work will make the
decision to open up so I don't think
there's much risk that there's some
point of no return for the economy and
you'll go past it I don't think that's
the thing because we would be so it
would be so obvious that we're at that
point that some adult this decision
would be made which is alright some of
you may be only the ones were young
maybe only the ones who have already had
it and recovered maybe only the ones who
have good meds that work that like the
assuming they do work but you can see
some kind of a surge surge in returns
well before the economy breaks somebody
says more movie recommendations please
yeah you know I'm not a movie guy and
I've only watched one movie this year
because movies are no longer a form
that I enjoy there's just too long and
there self-congratulatory and you know
all the use it's just not a good art
form anymore sort of ruined itself but
if you want to laugh go to youtube and
start looking for stand-up comedians
that are to your liking you might have
to you know knock around a little bit
but depending on how dark your humor is
you'll you can you can laugh for a long
time so bill burr is good I was just
watching at norm ik Donald he's great
you know just just go google around some
stand-up comedians you'll get just tons
of stuff and it's terrific
when is America going back to work well
I think we all know a lot in two weeks
so the New York trial of the Hydra
chloroquine I think personally that is
my that's the main variable I'm tracking
then let me let me give you some
variables to track for your own
predictive abilities all right because
remember you somebody's saying that
Giselle Nick he's very dark but very
funny
dave chappelle of course Jim Gaffigan
Jim Gaffigan is just the funniest person
ever so you see some good
recommendations going by and that under
comments what was I talking about
I don't know so yeah it's all oh here's
here's the things you should look for
this these are sort of the the dogs that
don't bark sort of thing we're going to
be focused on whatever shiny object the
news is pointing us to in social media
but let me point it to you something
that you haven't heard very ready track
the number of frontline health care
workers that especially the younger ones
who die in the next two weeks from
catching something while they're working
and then things just worsen and they
they died now if it happened today
for example if if if even one doctor or
one nurse had had caught it from
somebody and died today what do we know
it and maybe baby happened and I missed
it so watch the health care workers
themselves and see if their mortality
rate approaches zero because that's my
prediction has anybody mentioned that
yeah I think I'll be the first person
who said this to you to watch that
variable watch that variable and here's
why if there's a shortage of the
hydrochloric wean and if they know it
works
who has it the the frontline doctors
right now at the very least they would
take you quickly if they saw symptoms
which means they would be first to get
this drug that we're still wondering
doesn't work is it safe if you hear that
zero doctors and frontline medical staff
and have died but you do hear that
people got it at some point you're gonna
have to ask yourself why you have zero
mortality among that group and I think
the answer is going to be that they have
access to the hydrochloric wean now if
if tomorrow you hear of some tragic
death then then take that as you know
counter data and if that if you see
another one well then you know this is
falling apart pretty quickly but if you
just don't hear it for a week that might
be a pretty good drunk right so here's
here's a prediction I'm gonna make there
will be no important like a like a
senator that you know Rand Paul
unfortunately tested positive and we of
course wish him the best
now he's young enough and one assumes
that you know he would be in front of
the line for getting some some meds that
are in short supply I hope so
I mean I don't want to be the the person
who says oh why did the politicians get
it first now they work for us we need
Rand Paul to be healthy if it's a choice
between I get the meds or Rand Paul gets
the meds I'll give it to him because
he's you know he's got a higher leverage
in the emergency so I would think Rand
Paul the other senators who actually
test positive if any of them do I think
they'll get the drug so here's my
prediction you're just not gonna see a
celebrity death unless it's somebody
who's you know eighty-five years old but
your prediction from this point on you
will not see a famous politician rich
person frontline medical person
celebrity basically make your own list
if anybody you think already has access
to the limited supply and in your mind
say okay if anybody that I think has
access to that limited supply if one of
them dies and they're 45 and there's
there's no underlying conditions panic
now don't panic for the first one but I
mean if you saw a trend developing there
then then maybe you should be concerned
about it but I'm just gonna put that out
there that's that's the one variable
that matters the most to me because it's
the canary in the coal mine it's the one
that's going to tell you that maybe
there's something there which we don't
know yet all right I don't know exactly
what's going on in Congress but I know
the solution a lot of light
so whatever the somebody's saying Harvey
Weinstein yeah I don't just don't know
if the Harvey Weinstein thing is true I
think that's a wait-and-see because I
think it was one sketchy source for it
and
and would anybody know and who knows
sooo it doesn't look like Congress's
doing their job in the sense that if
they can't get legislation passed today
because they're arguing about the way to
do it and I don't I'm not sure I have an
opinion because I haven't looked at the
details yet but if any this money is
being funneled through companies the
public is going to be pretty angry
they're there of course will be the
controversy of you know if we're saving
hotels what does that mean for the Trump
hotels and I think I'm gonna side with
the President on this surprised I have
incited with him on everything but I
sort of not even evolved of the crisis I
haven't but I think it would not be
right to exclude the president's hotels
if if like hotels
you know if hotels in general are going
to be rescued there are a lot of
employment involved yeah it's one of our
biggest businesses I don't know I think
I'd be I'd be a little bit flexible on
that you know it would be easy to
imagine a million ways that that looks
wrong is wrong could be wrong but I
don't know if they get treated
you know if Don juniors running the
company and they get treated the way
hire gets treated the way I'm not sure
if there was exactly comparable but if
they get treated like their peers I'm
actually completely okay with it it
would be more of a question about
whether the whole industry is is to be
thing but you know I certainly wouldn't
be fair to exclude somebody for that
reason do you think we could build
uv-light tunnels to disinfect faster
sure not exactly the engineer to ask
that question so I'll just say yeah why
not no I have no idea if that would work
all right
Colorado governor wants citizens to run
slash walk less and ration their time
outside what why would you ration your
time outside certainly it might make
sense to stay away from other people but
why would you ration your time outside I
don't even understand that oh I don't
even know if it's true so ignore that do
you think we need to cure TDS before we
cure the wuhan virus well I I I'm just
gonna take a vacation from that question
if you don't mind you know nobody likes
talking about TDs and who did what dumb
in politics than I do
but I don't really have the appetite for
it right now they just don't have that I
don't have the stomach for the the small
stuff at the moment Jennifer says how
bad is this going to be I have a bad
feeling they aren't telling us the worst
FEMA guy today was or was not reassuring
how bad is it going to be well here's
the thing
it will only be as bad for for the the
bulk of society as we collectively are
willing to let it be so the government
can tell us to stay home what I think
you'd agree there's some point where
we're just not going to and I feel like
the government knows that too don't you
you know there's citizens are doing a
fairly good job of doing what the
government is asking for the greater
good you know there's there some young
people were ignoring everything of
course we're doing a pretty good job but
now take that or a month from now right
in a month if you're if you've saved
some old people but you don't know which
ones you know it's not like they had
names said oh you saved Bob you just
know that nobody died you're not as many
people died as could have
and I don't know if we could last more
than a month even if our government said
you got to do it you know we're gonna
send the police around there are a lot
of us there are a lot of lot of citizens
you know there wouldn't be enough police
and I don't think the police would have
the appetite to lock you up for opening
your business if you can't pay the bills
so I think there's there's sort of a
magic psychological deadline that feels
like one month including including the
time that we've already been locked down
it feels like that's that's just gonna
be you know a make-or-break point
because people tend to think in terms of
these simple increments of time like a
week or a month a week we can handle we
know we can handle a week right there's
no question about that we just did it
two weeks yeah we can handle two weeks
we can handle two weeks and bounce back
if that's all it were three weeks
absolutely
it's gonna get a little harder but yeah
we could do three weeks four weeks well
you're going to start getting defectors
at about the fourth week and after the
fourth week the public is gonna say look
you know who's vulnerable it's grandma
it's your job to hide grandma and from
this day forward it's my job to go to
work and I don't care what the
government tells me I'm going to work
we're gonna hide grandma nowhere you get
through this so there's there's a point
your work where citizens would disobey
yeah but I don't think you're gonna get
into that you know there well obviously
there will always be some some people
are dissipating anything but I think
that it will be obvious to all of us
what is too long by American standards
of you know how much we want to protect
each other versus how much risk do we
want to take versus you know what's good
for the economy versus saving a few
lives I feel like the American I don't
know just
just the way we are the American nature
might put up with a month but man that's
going to be tough after that so and I
don't think we will have to after a
month I think we'll have enough of a
handle on the testing kits and the who
you know who's susceptible and the meds
and stuff then we'll start taking taking
some chances in a month but probably
something like that I think in two weeks
we'll know what it looks like but we
won't be able to execute yet so I think
in two weeks we'll know what our tools
are we'll know what the plan looks like
we'll have a better idea how to get out
but it's not going to be in two weeks
probably how quickly will we know if the
the beds are effective my understanding
is it's sort of a several day thing yeah
I think something like a a one week and
you're you could be pretty confident not
that they're completely cleared but that
it's working and and indeed I think
after three or four days you you know
you probably would know it's working on
most people
New York's worse than the rest of the
country why I talked about that they
just have different conditions more
crowding more international travel you
know more you know just more people they
have more of everything except old
people but that's the good news
okay ray is asking about past reuse I
talked about that what do you think
about that it predicts a quicker
recovery so there's somebody who Nobel
laureate who is predicting a quicker
recovery let me let me see if the whole
story's in the headline and then
somebody says we're gonna be fine we
could get through the worst of it she
just okay she doesn't really have a she
doesn't have an appointee of you other
than she's looking at the same data we
are and saying
find totally unrelated question to
anything was it fun to be on Babylon 5
so some of you know there was an old TV
show sci-fi called Babylon 5 and I had a
guest role with out of two lines or
three lines or something because I had
said something good about the show when
I was you know at the height of my
Dilbert Fame so they invited me to be on
the show and and just play myself and
have a few lines so the question was was
it fun yeah it was really fun it was
really fun because I got to hang out
with the cast and I was you know as a
huge fan so I just get to you know sit
down at lunch and all all of the cast of
the shower were like sitting with me at
the table it's just the coolest thing of
the world I could not have I couldn't
have to geek down harder than that and
they're all friendly you know
everybody's chatted with me and stuff
and it just blew me away because there
were even in costumes all right um
how long do you think we can sustain
well most of the questions are all about
how long and I think I've answered that
will this pandemic be looked on as the
most significant event in world history
since world war ii well it depends kind
of depends doesn't it depends how big
against how long it lasts I've I've
suggested that for any young children
that this is their 911 this is their
Pearl Harbor so certainly the kids who
are going through this it might be like
a formative experience for those of us
who are older we've gone through you
know we've had a few of these okay if
you 911 now this so we've had a little
more experience as seeing things get
really dark before they get better
so I think we have a little more yeah
I'd be interested if people my age are
generally less worried that would be a
good and interesting poll with it you
know by age how worried are you that's
probably as more to do with your
specific situation but I wonder if
people have just been here before and I
feel I have
I mean to me this all looks familiar
even though every part of it is new you
know there's nothing like this that's
ever happened before and it still feels
familiar because that the feeling that
oh we humans how are we ever going to
beat this monster
how will we ever beat the year 2000 vote
you know how will we do it how and then
we do it time after time after time
we'll never solve this bra bulge already
ok there's pretty sure that would never
be solved
do you think the stock market recovery
will be graduated or spiky I think it
will be super spiky and trend up but
probably not until we hear some good
news and of New York meaning the drug
trial they're doing all right
doctors are stockpiling something yeah I
don't want to give any any hints to
somebody who might try to become a
hoarder I don't want to do that well
skills and projects do you think
knowledge workers could look to focus on
during the isolation well I would say it
depends on the your existing talent
stack and your ambitions so look at what
you already are good at and then say
what's the most valuable thing I could
add to that and it might not even be
technical it could be well it could be
it could be you know graphic design for
example graphic design goes really well
with technical skills because at some
point you're gonna have to design the
part that people look at it and the
buttons on the user interface does Trump
Trump win re-election you know if you
just straight lined it from here it yes
but of course it will change so I
tweeted today I think I mentioned this
that the Joe Biden thing is well beyond
being funny it's just not funny anymore
and you know everyone's a while I still
laugh at it because it's like but
this this emergency has also reminded us
that it's good to have backup plans
right now if something happen to trump
wallies in office the back-up plan is
Mike Pence and I'm perfectly happy with
that as a you know a solid spare tire
you know I probably I don't forget vote
for him if he ran for president but Mike
Pence knows where all the all the
jewelry is captain where all the buttons
are and he's not going to go nuts so so
we've we've got to back up in that
situation but what's our backup
if between now and November something
happens because it's a very uncertain
time either it's bad news or whatever it
is and and Trump can't win reelection
for whatever reason we'd have to imagine
something new comes out of this just so
far you would you would win but suppose
that happens who's our backup
well the backup is whoever he's running
against and it looks like that's going
to be Joe Biden is that really a back-up
plan
yes sir is there any Democrat who has
watched him basically hiding because and
there can't be any other reason he's
hiding that he's not capable can we
agree on that can we agree there's no
reason in the world that we're now
seeing him every day at least on video
except that he's not up to it right okay
can anybody suggest any alternate
explanation and the longer that goes on
the more obvious it should be even to
his supporters I would think so they may
be starting to come around so I wouldn't
mind having a backup
I wouldn't mind having a Democrat that
you know maybe is not your first choice
but they're not gonna break anything you
know they're not not brain-dead so let's
get that so that's a call to Democrats
to maybe make the adult decision there
let's see - to his old Funky Junk asked
me this question
what's this Covent thing I saw today on
the TV
was Trump mocking Romney yeah looked
like that
so Trump actually made a Kuroda if I was
a coronavirus insult to Mitt Romney
because Mitt Romney is Quarantine a guy
I mean I hope he's fine you know I'm
sure no matter what you think of him I
think we all hope that he does well and
you know there's no bad outcome there
but the Trump actually he says oh that's
too bad
that's just so terrible that's funny all
right
and by the way I don't think that was
smart like that that wasn't his best
move you know normally I love his
put-downs of his insults is just part of
the act and it's very effective and I'm
sort of a fan of the act well I don't
think that was the place yeah I think it
I think if he watched it on replay he
might take it back he probably knows
that I don't have to tell him that I
think he knows that so it wasn't wasn't
the time but on the other hand you know
if you're a trump supporter yes or die
have to accept that it's a package deal
you know I I could wish all day long
that he wouldn't do that sort of thing
but he's gonna do it so I'm not gonna
spend a lot of time wishing he doesn't
do it because he's gonna do it and in a
sublevel
I kind of love that about him that he's
so committed to it but yeah at the same
time I could say had been not so good
that time how's my friend progressing on
his treatment better so for two days in
a row
the symptoms are noticeably improving
after several days of getting worse and
being really quite bad so pretty much
immediately upon taking the drugs he he
tap he capped out and he's substantially
better I don't know how many more days
before you get to all better but
substantially better
how many folks have died of seasonal flu
this year says I guess a Chinese bot
because if you're still asking that
question you're really not paying
attention we're all smart enough not to
compare it to the regular flu right
don't we pass that all right are we past
that and I'll say again because I you
see the doubters out there saying hey if
the statistics don't suggest that this
will be bad at all why are we closing
everything and the question that has to
be asked as I said this morning look at
the hospitals yeah if the hospitals do
not go over capacity I'm with you the
moment we can be sure the hospitals will
not be over capacity let's start getting
back getting back to work but they they
very quickly reach capacity and the
professionals at those hospitals think
that it will be exceeded what if they're
all wrong is that even possible
yeah well I mean it's possible for
people to be wrong but people are so
skeptical of all experts right now that
people are actually asking what if the
whole thing is just nothing what if it's
all just bass hysteria and the only
problem is the panic itself to which I
say the hospitals are either full of
patients and more coming every day or
that's not happening you can ignore
every other question and just say is
that happening yes no hospitals filling
up wherever there are outbreaks yes can
you build them fast enough to keep up no
is that a gigantic problem yeah so
that's why the economy is closed can
phones pinging each other where we are
social distance to close when you push a
button say it's okay family member
yeah so that you could be close to a
family member I don't know does your
bluetooth allow you to tell the distance
is that a thing I suppose I mean if you
could somehow bluetooth send somebody
and
there was six feet maybe maybe that's
the thing I'd have to ask somebody else
what about the Italian Italy that 3%
infection rate in late February why did
it spread so fast there well we don't
know but it might have to do with people
who live with their grandparents and
small non-air-conditioned spaces and a
lot of you know physicality and kissing
on the cheek and stuff so it could be
just as simple as living style it could
be the way they count
we don't know where it'll take a while
to find out see what else do you support
a ubi during the economic downturn yes
yes if so if somebody has a better idea
now somebody who doesn't have money can
eat and at least pay for the essentials
if you get a better idea I'm certainly
open to it but what's a better idea then
all right here's some cash yeah see if
it can hold you over yeah we we have to
work out the details but I don't see
here's what I think is probably the
mistake we have to keep businesses
afloat kind of have to do it because I
support a lot of people too so there's
probably no solution in which some big
businesses you wish had not been bailed
out we're gonna get bailed out it's
probably just going to happen but maybe
that should be separated from the ubi
decision so maybe that's what they're
doing all right
what is going to happen to mortgages
after three months of quarantined well
you know I've seen the idea floated and
I haven't spent enough time to sort of
think it through to know whether I like
it or not the idea is that we just
suspend all of those payments just
nobody pays anybody for for only these
categories so you can imagine that just
nobody pays there you know we heat
utility Comcast bill cellphone
mortgage rent maybe I know healthcare if
you're paying for yourself so you could
easily imagine that people would just
stop paying for the duration of this and
get a thousand dollars from the
government and they'd buy food and
they're just sort of not paying any
bills you're not driving anywhere you're
not going on a vacation so we're living
kind of cheaply watching TV and looking
at our phones for a few weeks so I don't
see any way you could get around a ubi
it's just how do you do it
what straw planning to do student loans
you says there's more than 60 days
interest-free well you know that's
pretty good better than nothing and he
convinced some of you know that this is
a big deal that they need to maintain
distance from others yeah here's the
problem and it's it's very much like the
gun debate I think I'm the only one who
frames it this way the gun debate is not
whether guns are good or guns are bad we
just act like it is the real debate is
that maybe a gun is good for me because
of my special situation you know I might
get more of a stalkers so in my case
owning a gun might make me safer but at
the very least this should be up to me
to decide that right
so I'm Pro Second Amendment but it is
nonetheless true that there are people
who probably are less safe because they
live in an area where guns are plentiful
so who gets the wind do I get to win
because the gun would make me safer or
does somebody else get to win because
the guns make them less safe and they're
not going to own one of their own for
whatever reason so they just don't want
them around it's it's not what's good
for people it's not really
constitutional we just pretend it is
basically people have different
preferences different needs different
risk profiles and they're just acting
rationally for their own risk profile I
mean if you just like shooting and
hunting and you know you like guns well
it's pretty easy to convince yourself
that
they can't be pried into your cold dead
hands and you support the Constitution
and if it's the opposite you're don't
like guns you don't want to be around
them you're not gonna hunt they're only
bad for you you're gonna make up some
argument why that's your side needs to
win in it's really just an expression of
self-interest that we dress up in these
constitutional you know life-and-death
kinds of answers so I think I was gonna
make a ya know so the analogy to that to
the coronavirus is that we have
different risk profiles so the people
that you can't convince to take you
seriously also for the most part no it's
not going to kill them they just think
you'll kill other people so if they act
dumb that's probably an act it's more
like they're acting selfish and they
don't want to admit that that's all
that's going on it's like well I really
want to go to the bar and I know it
might kill your grandma but I really
like going to the bar and I don't know
your grandmother that well and if you
don't think that they're making that
exact calculation you've not met people
because they're making that exact
calculation exactly like I said it you
know I could save your grandmother by
not going to the bar but I like the bar
I don't know your grandmother never
better so some people are now so good I
think we can conclude that completely
all right
all right well we're seeing all kinds of
people invent things and we're seeing
human ingenuity in ways that we've never
seen it we're seeing some amazing things
happening we can see ourselves we can
see ourselves getting stronger smarter a
little less political still they're
still there but we're less political
this week kind of feels good I got to
say at least that level so we are gonna
be okay we're not going to run out of
food because you can't hoard broccoli
right what would be the point of
hoarding something that's just gonna rot
if you don't eat it all yourself so
you're not gonna run into food and my
guess is if you just don't pay your
bills your the people you owe those
bills are gonna have to work it out
they're gonna have to work it out with
you they're gonna have to extend it
they're gonna have to get something from
the government so I don't think there
will be a time when somebody can't eat
or have you know the basic essentials I
don't I don't say that that's a real
risk yeah except that little pockets you
know you might need to help your
neighbor a little bit but basically we
have enough to go around and that will
continue to be the case something wrong
with the China stats how did they get to
know new cases here's my theory on China
just speculation my theory is that they
do have new cases and they treat them
with the meds that we're testing and it
reduces the risk of dying too so close
to zero that they just probably decided
to you know you know if people die
everybody's gonna notice because
there'll be a lot of death use it's hard
to hide people dying even in China but
if they don't die and let's say we got
20 of them a day maybe we could just
give them the the meds they won't die
we'll just not talk about it see how
tomorrow looks
so again it's just speculation but if I
had to guess a lot of our mysteries
about you know why does Trump seem to
have a different opinion than foul Qi
you know why is it that we're not saying
you know not saying a frontline medical
people dropping dead even and when
they're infected yeah in May and why
they're the China numbers mysteriously
down in a way that doesn't make sense to
us it might all be the same reason that
there's a there's a med that works and
all everybody is responding to it that
plus the factors are sorted by shortage
so they're using that somebody says that
if you don't have taste or smell that's
a that's bad for me because I haven't
had my taste or smell too much well we
know more about virus than we ever have
in history yeah you know I've got a
feeling that our tool box for beating
viruses is going to be really good yeah
the number of people walking dogs is off
the hook you know I went for my healthy
evening walk today and man there are a
lot of people out there walking around
and and we're all we're all giving each
other you know 20 feet crossing the road
it's it's fun are you allergic to cats
I'm not where can I get a local girl go
for social distancing book autographed
that's actually a pretty creative idea
so did you see that what Next Door is
doing the app talked about a great
reaction to an emergency so the next
door app allows you to see a map of
where you are and then if anybody has
signed up to to help out and elderly or
do some shopping they show up on the map
so you can see exactly where they are so
you can see your house and you're like
Oh block over there there's a there's
that the 20 year old girl
got sent home from college and she's
gonna go do some shopping for you and
and I looked just to see if anybody in
my neighborhood had actually signed up
to do those things and there were two of
them two of them just really close so
what a terrific tool I mean with this
tool alone so if you're worried about
going hungry or whatever imagine you've
got this tool and either you're the
elderly person who just you know I don't
know you ran out of food or you just
need something now you just put it on
the app and you just your deluge dwith
neighbor saying I'll take care of that
I've seen that happen all right that's
all for now I will see you in the
morning have a great day sleep I think
next week this this coming week could be
a lot of good news a lot of bad news too
the number of infected will go up but
watch for the number of deaths to start
plunging and that's your tell that we're
going to get back to work before things
you know go off the rails so you're
going to be alright
hang in there talk to you tomorrow