hey
locals let's see if everybody else is
here YouTube
Rumble hey YouTube in the
house how about Rumble anybody from
Rumble here
yet Rumble in the house good
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams special Mother's
Day Edition happy Mother's Day to all
you mothers out there I hope you're
getting everything you want today and a
little
extra but if you'd like to take this day
up to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny human brains
all you need is a cover muger a glass of
tanker chelse ofstein again Jugger flask
of vessel of any kind but make sure you
wash it yourself because it's Mother's
Day darn it en jooy me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the DOP mean hit
of the day the thing makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous sip
for Mother's Day and it happens now
go we are experiencing audio Perfection
thank you Paul
well if you are subscribing to the
dilber reborn comic which you can get if
you a subscriber on the xplatform see my
profile or on the locals platform Scot
adams. locals.com you would know that
Dave the
engineer who is a black engineer in
Dilbert's uh
group uh is asking the boss if if he
himself Dave is a Dei
hire
so that's
fun now I for those of you who are not
following the revised Dilbert reborn
comic you might ask yourself Scott have
you gone terrible now that you're
canceled no it's not terrible it's just
I can talk about things I couldn't talk
about before so I'm not doing anything
hateful you know nothing terrible it's
just that there are a whole range of
topics that you couldn't even address
but now I can address them so they're a
lot of fun so having Dave the black
engineer ask his white boss if he's a
Dei
is sort of a perfect
Dilbert situation but no way I could
have done it in the
newspapers but you'll see it there
anyway Starbucks is uh CBS news says
Starbucks is having some difficulty but
I would like to add this I spend a lot
of time at SP Starbucks just
working and I get to watch all the
orders that people are putting in and
picking up and at some point I realized
that Starbucks is basically a liquid
candy store for women now men do buy
things at Starbucks do you know what the
men buy at
Starbucks
coffee do you know what the women buy a
big old cup of sugar that has you know
any variety of names but the women are
just coming in for liquid candy and the
men are coming in for proba something
closer to
coffee anyway it's a pretty big
difference um the ninth circuit has
ruled according to breit Bar they have a
story here about uh that even a felon
has the right to possess a firearm for
self-defense so a three judge panel in
the United States court of appeals ninth
circuit said that this guy Steven dwarte
has a right now I was not terribly
interested in this specific case but you
know how everything is related to
everything and I'm trying to figure out
is the ninth circuit the one that is
famously
liberal can you give me a fact check on
that in the back of my mind I'm thinking
is that true that the ninth circuit is
famously considered a liberal court or
do I have that
wrong I'm seeing some confirmation of
that now why would you why would you
expect a liberal leaning Court to say
that a felon could have the right to own
a gun that's you typically expect it to
go the other way wouldn't
you is there anything that would make
you think that maybe there's something
else going on with this story is there a
case of a certain son of a president who
was also a felon who also wanted a
gun do you think it's a coincidence that
the famously liberal Court just decided
that the very specific crime that Hunter
Biden seems to be guilty of it's the one
time they go against their liberal
bias H I guess they're pretty proun
when there's a felon who's a Democrat
that has
one I don't know that's just my own
conspiracy theory but it does stand out
as sort of a flag doesn't it doesn't it
make you think maybe that's just all
about Hunter
it's hard not to have that connection in
your head even if it's unrelated now I
think the answer is right by the way I
don't disagree with the ruling it it's
hard for me to say that just because
you're a convicted
felon uh that you shouldn't have a gun I
think it should depend what you got
convicted for maybe if you were using a
gun to shoot people or Rob them well
maybe that would be a case that you've
given up your rights to have a gun but
if you were a felon for something that
wasn't n violent maybe just I don't know
stole some money or something I don't or
or in uh in the case of Hunter I feel
like that's a little bit too much
infringement of their rights to take
away the right to bear
arms who who agrees with me are you on
the same
page that it might if you did a violent
crime with a gun or even a violent crime
I suppose you could imagine how the
court would take your right away cuz it
takes other rights way it can put you in
jail all right well all right there's a
uh there's a Boe whistleblower another
one has come forward there's a and uh oh
update he's been killed he's been killed
no I'm just kidding I'm just kidding
that's not funny it's not funny that
whistleblowers get killed all the
time but Mario laul is reporting that uh
Santiago Paredes who worked for Spirit
Aeros systems he's a and it's Boeing's
largest supplier and he was a quality
control person they called the
showstopper for always slowing down
production because he tried to address
safety concerns and he he says things
like quote I was finding a lot of
missing Fasteners a lot of bent Parts
sometimes even missing
parts and I'll never fly again thank you
ladies and gentlemen uh air travel is no
longer in part of my life now that the
person in charge of quality says that
bad parts were just marching out at the
factory like
crazy but uh he's still alive he might
be the bravest person in the history of
whistleblowers do you know what do you
know what I don't
do um and let me write something down
here take care of business later
let me just do
this all
right taking care of little business
there anyway he's a pretty brave
whistleblower uh personally if the first
two whistleblowers die in suspicious
circumstances if it's
me I don't really blow any whistles
after the first two go down well what's
your number of whistle blowers before
you'll be disa point you know you'll
decide not to do
it I I'm like two is my
maximum now some people be like okay the
last 27 whistleblowers were slaughtered
I think I I like my chances but not me
not me if two whistleblowers die I just
shut up I just say shut
up well uh president uh former president
Trump came out and said he was not
suggesting or not considering Nikki
hilly as a vice presidential running
mate now I would like to mock everybody
who believed axio reporting about the
two uh Anonymous sources that said he
was considering Nikki hilly how many of
you believed that when you read
it because I'd be disappointed that I
taught you nothing two Anonymous sources
that are going to say something bad
about a republican that's coming from a
Democrat
source and on its surface looks
ridiculous put all that together on its
surface it sounds ridiculous that he
would consider Nikki Hy right just on
the surface it sounds
ridiculous comes from a well-known you
know very Democrat source and there are
two Anonymous with people talking about
it that is every signal for fake news
that's everyone you got them all right
there and sure
enough I told you it was fake news and
it took about a minute and a half to
confirm it so the only thing about that
that's interesting is if you fell for
that ever then you missed the really big
signals that one was glaringly obviously
fake well apparently President Biden has
signed the tick tock ban bill uh which
which is more of a divestment bill
devesta from China but China says they
don't want to devesta and they're going
to fight it in course so we don't know
what we'll really happen I would say
that it is uh far too
soon I'm going to cover up the comments
with just the locals oh that's perfect
if I put my uh on my phone separately I
look at the comments just from
locals so I can and it covers up
perfectly the uh the trolls CU I don't
have the trolls on locals perfect so if
you want me to see your
comments uh then you should be a member
of uh locals if you like the comment
just so other people can see it then you
can be in there with the trolls I don't
have a way to stop the trolls with this
setup anyway um Tik Tock bill got banned
so I went to
grock the AI on X and I said who was the
first public figure who recommended
Banning Tik Tok
do you know what it
said it said
[Laughter]
me now it may have been prompted by that
by some some uh
tweets I don't know if I was really the
first one but uh it did it looks like um
something's going to happen I wouldn't I
think it's too early to celebrate
anything because first of all it's just
taking it out of China's control and
putting it in our cia's control I think
I mean that that seems like the plan so
it's not like you got more freedom but
at least it's not an adversary who was
controlling it now you're being
brainwashed by your own people who are
trying to rob you completely different I
feel much better when I get M mugged by
a family member all
right
but let me see how many things do you
think that the situation in Israel
changed in my opinion and let's see if
you age I don't think there's any way
that would have been the Tik Tock band
would have
succeeded uh except for Tik Tock
favoring the Palestinian cause over
Israel do you all agree that that that
was
decisive and obviously so right wouldn't
you say because it went from wow this
Tik Tock band's kind of crazy anti-free
speech and it went to oh let's get rid
of this right away that was entirely
because of the October 7th and so much
Palestinian support on Tik Tock right so
I would say that the Tik Tock ban which
is a really big deal you know should it
actually happen um and that was entirely
Israel's influence now when I say
Israel's influence I don't mean that
there weren't Americans who wanted it
too and for the same reason there were
plenty and I don't mean that it was only
people who were citizens of Israel
because there had to be you know a ton
of Jewish American an who said maybe
this isn't good for us maybe we should
do something different so I'm in favor
of it but we should we should note that
uh the October 7th thing probably was a
big big push there how about the
presidential elections of
2024 in my opinion the uh the ticktock
situation and the protest and really the
whole Gaza situation largely guarantees
that Trump's going to get elected
do you
disagree because I think Trump just
screwed the pooch so hard that the
pro-israel base in America is just
changed his mind I mean even the news
looks like it changed on a dime that the
news went from you know Trump is the
worst monster in the world to well you
know he had a point about the
border and you know it it does seem that
uh his numbers are looking really good
and it does seem that you know it seems
like the entire tone of everything
changed as soon as Biden was not
completely on board with everything
Israel wanted uh the news coverage
really changed I mean it seemed to to me
so I think that Israel will be The
Driver of who wins the 2024 election
lots of variables there but that seems
like the biggest one at the moment but
what about this what about Ukraine
funding do you think Ukraine would have
been
funded if they hadn't tied it to
Israel to Israel's funding I say no I'm
not sure that Ukraine would have been
funded so the October 7th probably got
rid of ticktock probably determined our
next president and probably determined
the fate of the war in
Ukraine Am I
Wrong which of those things were not um
very much influenced by the October 7th
and all the the blowback after
that I'm seeing some disagreement in the
comments but I'm not sure exactly what
you're disagreeing
with all right yeah I mean Israel
obviously Israel is not the only
influence on these things but to me they
look like they were uh decisive meaning
that these were issues that were very
decis they're very evenly split but as
soon as October 7th happened boom three
issues went in the direction that you'd
expect well I would like to um
say that my best predictions are the
ones that seemed impossible when I made
them yeah here are some now um I don't
make any claim that I'm good at
predicting things that are sort of
ordinary an ordinary thing would be a
president decides on a vice president
for a running mate that's sort of an
ordinary thing I'm not really good at
predicting who the vice president will
be so if it's ordinary business I'm no
better than anybody else guessing what's
going to happen but I've had some really
weird ones where I predicted the
impossible all right not really
impossible but listen to some of these
predictions so the famous one of course
was that uh in 2016 Trump would win so
you know that kind of put me on the
predicting map a little bit but not not
long after that I also predicted that um
or I was advocating that during the
pandemic when it first started that we
should shut down travel to China do you
remember when you if you did if you
first heard me say that we should shut
shut travel from China just until we
figure out what's going
on did you think that was impossible
I kind of thought it might be impossible
because we' never done it before but we
did um Banning Tik Tock looked
impossible in 2018 when I said I was
going to get it banned here it is did
you think that was going to happen I
don't think there's anybody who thought
I was going to get tiktock banned but
did I well no in the in the end you know
in the final decision I had no influence
at
all however
here's a little influence
trick you can't decide to do something
or not to do something until the
something is in the
air well let me say it again you can't
decide to do or not do a
thing until you're thinking about it it
has to be in your head and I think that
what I did was make it possible to think
about banning Tik Tock where it wasn't
really possible to think about it until
somebody talked about it enough I think
if you talk about it enough it it moves
it from the unthinkable to the thinkable
and once it becomes
thinkable then other people can decide
on their own maybe for their own reasons
that they want to ban it but they won't
do it until it's
thinkable right it has to be on the
option set so I believe that what I did
was I put it on the option set one one
of the people who did that there were
others um what about the idea of
attacking the cartels with the military
that's another example I don't know if
that's going to happen but we have
reports that Trump was asking questions
about Special Forces I think that um we
have a working arrangement with the
cartels with our military and
intelligence so I don't think there will
be any military action against them and
I don't think that Trump has been fully
briefed that the United States uses the
cartels for our own interests talk about
more about that as we get
so but now it's uh it's being considered
so once again it was something that you
couldn't really decide to do or not do
because it wasn't even a thing but I'm
one of the people who kept saying it and
saying it and saying it until you could
at least think that it was thinkable and
it had to become
thinkable it had to become thinkable now
you can think
it um how about the uh remember the
embassy secret weapon and when the CIA
said oh it's definitely a secret weapon
and everybody in the news said it's a
secret weapon and 100% of the world said
it's a secret weapon and I said that's
not a secret
weapon and turned out as far as we know
at the moment no secret weapon so those
were those are my weirdest predictions
because all of them seemed impossible
when I made
them and we'll see if I can do any more
of that let's
see well Trump was in Wildwood New
Jersey a perfect name for a place to
have the biggest rally in all of history
his supporters say it could be a 100,000
people Democrats of course are going to
say it's far less than that but suppose
it's
50,000 right suppose it's
50,000 might be uh but 100,000 would be
crazy um Trump said that Biden is a
total and the whole whole world is
laughing at
him correct do you think there is
anybody any of the leaders of the other
countries who are not laughing at Biden
and don't you think that that every
single leader thinks Trump is a more
capable leader than
Biden I'll bet I'll bet there's not a
single world
leader who thinks Biden is a better
leader than Trump and you remember when
everybody thought oh no they're going to
laugh at that clown they're going to
laugh at that clown well look who's
getting the last laugh
now well Trump in his classic Trump
way um that I always tell you he gets
right he can summarize better than
anybody can summarize he can brand
better than brand he he has exactly the
right nicknames and words and here he
says again just listen to the
sentence he supports Israel's right to
win its war on
terror and we're
done that's
perfect that's just perfect he supports
their right to win its war on
terror how in the world do you do you
argue with that
statement how in the world do you argue
with it now of course you know Biden
might say the same thing you know if
asked he might say of course I support
the right to win but then he would add
lots of caveats like oh but we don't
want to pay for the big bombs and you
know yes but only if you do it the way
we think is approved and yes but if you
do it at the greater loss of life of the
IDF to save some civilians which I'm not
saying is a bad idea I'm just
describing
um it gets all murky and it doesn't
sound like you're quite support him does
it but if you just say boom I support
Israel's right to win his war on
terror any
questions no that pretty much clears
everything up
now why can't we have a president who
can be that clear you know why why does
it have to be a gray area with
Biden we could have no gray areas gray
areas we could just have Clarity he's
offering
that well Zero Hedge is uh reporting
that consumer sentiment about biomics as
cratered going through the floor so the
University of Michigan has this latest
report card on
biomics and uh it's uh really really
super super unpopular total disaster
unexpectedly plunged from 77 to
67 uh however they did also change their
um their method of
polling so here here's why you can't
really really trust any news report so
you start reading the thing and it
sounds like wow there's this sudden
tremendous drop in support for
Biden but by the time you get to the end
they talk about how they move from phone
polls to online polls and then they got
a big different
answer that's the story duh no the story
is you pull differently the story is not
people change their minds this story
should say a difference in how they
pulled got a different answer they
shouldn't say there's some kind of
cratering or plunging of people's
opinions no they just changed how they
ped you should do you should say nothing
about it you should just not even report
it it it actually becomes non-
newsworthy because there's nothing to
compare it to if you if you had a
comparison it'd be newsworthy but if
they get rid of their own ability to
compare it to their last poll
I think you got to wait for the one
after that and the one after
that all right North Carolina's uh this
is in the federal list North Carolina's
early voting locations illegally favor
Democrats well how would you do that
suppose you had a law that says you can
put all these early voting I guess their
ballot pickup places uh and you could
put them around your state and that was
all legal and the law said that you
can't put them in places that would be
super biased in other words you can't
only put them in the Republican areas or
only put them in the Democrat areas that
obviously that would bias the outcome so
what did the Democrats do they put them
all on college
campuses the exact thing you don't want
anybody to do now the College because
the college campuses are overwhelmingly
Democrat and if they had most of the
ballot boxes and and students are lazy
they're more likely to vote by I would
imagine they're more likely to vote by
male
um and so there's a court case to
challenge
that now I'm going to put this in the
category of if there's any way to make
anything cheat in elections one of the
teams is going to do it it's not just
Democrats right if it's cheetah bu and
you have any legal maneuvering or you
think you can get away with they're all
going to do it see the stakes are way
too high when you have lots of people
involved and the stakes are
high rigging is
guaranteed where we act like maybe it
happened I think that's the funniest
thing where we have we have a system
design that guarantees cheating it
guarantees it we we make the outcome
super super valuable you know president
of the United States control of the
Congress really really really Val maybe
the most valuable
thing of all things because it controls
so much money you know American money
so
um
anyway well I'm going I'm going to bail
out of that point because it wasn't
important so yes so we've got lots of
situations where if you can cheat people
would be expected to cheat that's all
I'm going to say if you've got a design
that compensates people and doesn't
punish them if they get caught or they
think they can not get caught it's
guaranteed guaranteed so you don't even
need to talk about the details you have
a system that if you just said here's my
system on paper and then I'm just going
to implement this and then run it year
after year you could predict what would
happen it's the design it guarantees bad
outomes all right let's talk about
hypocrisy in the news so at the uh
stormmy Daniels trial you know you've
got Trump who's in trouble for not that
he did anything with stormy but rather
the way he recorded the expenses as
legal expenses and it's being being po
point out pointed out I think Jonathan
trolley and others have said this that
uh when Hillary Clinton paid to fund the
steel dossier she hid that by calling it
a legal expense
so as far as I could tell it's exactly
the same accused
crime and and it's all established
facts isn't isn't it all completely the
same hiding your expenses a legal
expense when it was really something
else I heard who is the dumb person
arguing this oh I made the mistake of
turning on the on the TV and The Young
Turks was on and one of the young one of
the guests on The Young Turks or maybe
he's a host I don't know it wasn't Jen
but it was somebody else he was saying
um oh well what was it he was saying it
was
different anyway he was doing an
analysis of the case that was so
pathetically
irrational that I wondered if his his
viewers knew
it but I'll remember it in a minute so
we've got the Hillary did basically the
same thing that Trump's on trial for
will anybody mention that on the left no
the left has no idea do you think how
many Democrats would know that Hillary
even had paid for the steel dossier and
that it was all fake and that that it
was a legal expense how many people even
know that on the on the left probably
nobody bet you can't even find anybody
who knows that even one
person so they can get away with
hypocrisy if nobody knows
it and now we've got the situation of
box gate so that was the stormy trial
but on the box gate trial the mar loo
boxes Jack Smith apparently has admitted
to altering
some uh evidence some documentary
evidence so you know that story that
some things were some cover sheets were
added in that makes it look like it was
more classified than it was and maybe
some stuff came from the from the GSA
and so this whole story is getting
muddled but turns out that uh if you
really look at some of the charges that
were given the January 6 people they
were the same charges that Jack Smith
has admitted to doing which is altering
evidence in a you know a government
process
so that's pretty
sketchy oh so the uh the Young Turk was
arguing that uh Trump was guilty because
the only reason he was trying to hide
his expenses were for legal reasons no
for for personal
reasons
and that there was some other case and a
Democrat was um only doing it so somehow
he imagined that Republicans only do
things for personal reasons uh no only
do it for political reasons but
Democrats were doing it for other
reasons I mean it was just completely
not as confused as my explanation of it
but let's just say if you're watching
The Young Turks to figure out what's
going on you'd be pretty confused so I
guess there were some famous people
attended the stormmy trial the last day
of it on Friday I think judge Janine was
there and uh Joy bayar I think they were
there at the same time imagine being in
the same room with judge Janine and joy
bear I think if they touched there would
be like an explosion it' be like matter
and
antimatter kind of thing Joy bear uh
manages to go to this and her only take
uh her take away was that Trump is more
orange in
person that's really all they have have
you noticed that they've completely
given up on policy
arguments that there's total
capitulation
they're down to he scares me and he's
more orange than I
thought that's all they have he scares
me for reasons I can't
articulate and uh he's much more orange
than I
imagined and he's selfish here here's
also the dumbest thing that Democrats
say they say that Trump is only in it
for
himself well first of all how could you
possibly know that that that's mind
reading
secondly it doesn't matter because the
presidency is the only job where you
could be in it completely for yourself
but it's all transparent what did you do
did you did you build a wall just for
yourself well maybe it was good for you
politically but a lot of us people lot
of us wanted a
wall so how in the world does a
president do something completely Ely
selfish and make it work I don't know
how you can do that if the president
isn't doing public things for the public
good that are obviously for the public
good then that that president loses they
get a bad reputation they get impeached
they don't get a second term the only
way a president can do a good job for
themselves is to do an amazing job for
the
public so if you put a a big old
narcissist in the job
whose main interest is looking
good that person is going to do the best
job because they really really want to
look good and the only way you can do it
is by doing a good job there's no other
way to do
it so there there is just complete
nonsense in terms of the uh uh of the
complaints about Trump at this
point um and
wokeness was showing a list of different
countries uh and showing that a new
survey says seven out of 10 Europeans
believe that their country is accepting
too many migrants so these are the
numbers of countries who by over
70% say their own count is accepting too
many migrants over
70%
70% there are very few topics where you
can get the public to be 70% or more on
one side and in Greece it's 9 % in
Ireland it's 78% right but these are all
over 70 Greece Cyprus Ireland Austria
Germany Bulgaria Poland Italy France
Spain and Sweden so every one of them
has a major incentive to stop the
immigration and it's not
happening so does democracy work
anywhere if if you've got a 70 plus
majority in a really simple issue
let in more people don't let in more
people you know everybody can understand
the entire issue there's no complication
there whatsoever and you and your
citizens can't get that three and a four
in Germany 77% of citizens want to stop
of immigration or
slowdown can't get that done so do you
think that democracy Works obviously not
it couldn't be more obviously now I know
we're you know we're not a democracy or
Republic with Democratic principles
Etc but it seems very clear that if you
have a Soros like bag of money that you
can find the weak spots in the system
and then exploit the weaknesses and the
weaknesses might be you just have to buy
you know X number of
politicians that's it it might be cheap
to get and then it doesn't matter what
the voters think if you get the right
politicians in your pocket so I will say
again that the United States is not any
kind of a democracy and not any kind of
a republic with Democratic principles we
are a criminal organization and have
been for a long time I will say also
provocatively it's the best form of
government because democracies don't
last but a criminal organization
might right so
um yeah we probably need to do something
about that well
uh here's again Jonathan Turley he's one
of the many people noticing that the New
York Times has an editorial in which
they're turning against cancel culture
oh finally they're turning against
cancel
culture how about
that I wonder if anything happened
recently that would cause the New York
Times to change their stance on canel
culture yes turns out that the October
7th and all the Israel stuff
um and and this from their editorial it
is not going unnoticed on campuses but
also by members of Congress that and by
the public r large that many of those
who are now demanding the right to
protest have previously sought to
curtail the speech of Those whom they
declared
hateful oh did the New York Times just
figure out that curtailing Free Speech
has a downside
they're just figuring that out oh oh so
if you curtail the speech of just the
people you don't like that's not going
to work out for you in the long run is
it because you're going to end up you
know just curtailing Everybody's Free
Speech pretty
quickly so is this a case of the New
York Times um just slowly evolved in
their thinking no no this is because of
Israel again you know the Israel and
October 7th on the protests so even even
America's view on cancel
culture just changed because of Israel
and Israel's
situation now uh in the prior
conversation I was saying to you it
helps to make the unthinkable thinkable
so and I saw in your comments some of
you were giving me credit for attacking
ESG ESG did become a dirty dirty
word and in order for that to happen and
Dei is now a dirty word for at least
half the country or more and that only
happens if somebody goes first because
again it was sort of Unthinkable that
you would say in public you were
opposing those things because you get
cancelled and now some of us got
cancelled and we're still here so now
it's thinkable so now you see you know
it's fairly widespread opinion that Dei
is just racism and now you can say
that well uh The Economist which is a
publication um has a report that gangs
are gaining ground in Latin America and
this is why Iron Fist policies uh won't
beat them
back
huh does El Salvador know that the Iron
Fist policies won't work because it
seems to be working really well there
why do you suppose that the economist
would run an article saying that iron
fisted policies against the gangs let
let's call them the
cartels won't work well Mike Benz gives
us one hypothesis he says once you
understand the economist is a blob rag
oh a blob rag in other words The
Economist is part of the large you know
CIA intelligence censorship
you know blob so basically they're not
an independent source of news that
they're influenced according to Mike
Benz by the big influencers who run
everything and he says once you
understand the economist is a blah brag
and Narco gangs are an instrument of
blob paramilitary control over Latin
America's internal politics headlines
like this will make a lot more sense to
you oh there we go
um yes so if you know the players
everything makes sense so suddenly a
blob publication according to Mike men's
is now a little bit more Pro cartel than
you would expect them to be well that
could be because our intelligence people
are pro cartel in the sense that they
need them to control Latin America
countries and in return what do you
think we do open our borders and let
them get away with fentel of
course yeah what once you see it it's
hard to unsee it because that that's got
to be the reason that we're not fighting
militarily against the cartels they've
got to be on our side in in the worst
possible way they're on our side but
there's no other explanation for it I
think it's obvious and it explains
fentel for
sure all right uh the Biden
Administration just granted some kind of
sanctions relief to several Arab Nations
to buy uh military stuff from us at the
same time that they were denying the
some of the military aid to uh Israel
now I don't think that these things are
necessarily a problem or even related
except by coincidental timing but talk
about the worst possible look to be the
Biden Administration elections coming up
you've denied the bombs to Israel at the
same time you're saying you know Lebanon
Yemen and cutter you can you can buy our
defensive weapons sure of course you can
no problem yeah it's not a good look
it's not a good
look now I would like to ask you this
provocative question um have you seen
the opinion and I think comic Dave Smith
is maybe one of the most notable ones of
this opinion but other people have it as
well and the idea is that uh Israel uh
was playing a clever game in which they
were pretending to support hamas's
control of Gaza but really it was a
cynical play to keep them Terror as
terrorists so that later they could grab
their
land how many of you subscribe to that
view that Netanyahu always knew that
backing Hamas would lead to more
terrorism and that he did it anyway
because he knew that at some point it
would give Israel cause to act and grab
their land and control
everything you believe it I'm looking at
your comments I'm seeing Nos and
yeses so it doesn't look like people are
embracing it too hard but here's my my
question how would how would anything
look
different if what yet Netanyahu was
doing was simply giving them what they
asked for how would it look
different because here's what I think is
true I think that uh Netanyahu gave them
what they were asking for which was
self-rule and apparently they wanted to
m in Gaza I think he gave them what they
wanted but at the same time I think he
knew it would blow
up is that
wrong because what was he supposed to do
was he supposed to not give them what
they
wanted and that would make everything
better so I think that the comic Dave
Smith View
could be simultaneously true and
irrelevant at the same time I don't know
if I'm saying that right it could be
true that not Netanyahu knew that
supporting Hamas would lead to something
not exactly October 7th but that it
would cause an ongoing situation where
they would never have to have a
two-state solution do you believe that
he knew that supporting Hamas would make
a two-state solution deeply unlikely
I think
so probably but what was he supposed to
do was he supposed to not give them what
they want they asked for or or was
giving them only part of what they asked
for and they would have asked for more
things like water rights and things like
that but is it wrong to give them some
of what they ask for if you know that in
the long run it might give you more
power I don't know I don't know if
there's any
difference if you put me in that
situation you know what I would have
done the same thing nahu did
allegedly I would have said look we
can't defeat Hamas there's no public
support for that like
militarily um we can't change it the
people in Gaza want this Hamas situation
so if you can't change
it and but you can support it in the
sense that you know maybe there's some
Financial or capital or something that
allowed them to give a little more
freedom or control than they might have
had
otherwise what was he supposed to do I I
would have given them the I would have
given
Hamas um a little bit of freedom and I
would have waited for it to blow up and
then in chaos I would take as much as I
could of whatever was
takeable I would have done that now does
that make me a bad person because
basically the situation I see is that
the Palestinians and homas in particular
keep doing things to give land to
Israel I mean every time they every time
they bomb something else the odds of a
two-state solution go
down
so what are you going to do what are you
going to do so
anyway I don't think comic Dave Smith is
wrong
that Netanyahu knew what would happen by
supporting Hamas will you agree with me
that far that anybody smart would have
known exactly how this would turn out
not exactly October 7th is but that it
would be a
continuous uh no two State solution
yeah so I'm not sure you can condemn it
when there wasn't any
choice I if the thing that's best for
Netanyahu and best for Israel is also
the only thing you could
do can you blame him for doing the only
thing you can do what else could he have
done it wouldn't have helped them to
keep their thumb on on Gaza
forever yeah in the end I think it will
be a very different place so Israel is
saying that
directly all right ladies and gentlemen
because it's Mother's Day and I know you
want to go off and do good things with
your mother I'm going to make this a
little bit shorter
today yeah yeah don't prevent your
enemies from making mistakes that is
correct that is
correct
um AB is in defending against
Gaza so I'm saying that they also spent
billions in defending against Gaza and
then and then it looked like there was
no defense against
Gaza no Scott because Israel also
invested billions in defending against
Gaza uh the failure was a complex event
well I think the the failure the
defensive failure probably was just
incompetence why would you assume it was
more than
that it it doesn't seem to me like you
could really close an entire border with
Gaza if somebody was really motivated to
breach it you could you could close a
border against a handful of people
trying to get get across maybe you're
not going to you're not going to close
it if thousands try to go at the same
time that's not a
thing so anyway um happy Mother's Day to
everybody I'm going to talk to the
locals people privately let's see if I
can get my technology to do what I want
which is to get private with the local
supporters only and the rest of you I'll
see tomorrow same time same
place
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for