hey border goie lover I've got a toy
Australian
Shepherd same kind of family cousins to
your dogs hey everybody hey Mary hey
Lyall hey Gino virus Joe good to see
you uh come on in here cuz you know what
time it is
you know it's time for a coffee with
Scott Adams on the simultaneous sip grab
your cup your mug your chalice your
Stein your
your whatever else I always say and
raise it will you I hope it's filled
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me for the simultaneous
sip now it's been a big day of C nitive
dissonance I have intentionally created
a great deal of it uh some of it
happening naturally but others is
happening just on its own and I'm going
to walk you through a few stories today
and you'll see that it's sort of
everywhere
lately uh first of all I did take the
time yesterday to watch the entire
interview uh with Candace Owens Candace
has her own show now on
prageru um with hog Nome I think he's
the chairman now of the greater New York
um black lives matter and I got to say
this was good entertainment so I don't I
don't want to give away too much of the
conversation I'm just going to
say man it was
good so the first thing I'll say is
search for Candace Owens hog Nome
prageru it'll pop right up it's a
YouTube uh I think it's I know two hours
or something it's kind of long and I
thought to myself well this is going to
be way too long but it wasn't it really
goes quickly and let me tell you what I
loved about it without giving away too
much um as you
know uh Candis has more of a republican
conservative point of view Hawk Nome is
whatever's seemingly the
opposite and watching them talk
was like being in a room that you never
get to be in because they they kind of
cover the entire
tapestry well I'm sure there are lots of
places left out but but it was it was
sort of a wide scope on a world where
you don't get to sit in that room you
you just you just would never hear these
two personalities having a polite
conversation across a different number
of topics and I got to say from an
educational uh perspect perspective it
was great so congratulations to Candace
for uh a really entertaining show she
does a great job of of interviewing it
stayed polite you could tell that they
respected each other even though they
deeply disagree on some stuff great
stuff um you got to see it it's very
it's very informative you know you'll
you'll come away with a different sense
of things very much so um there's some
kind of Media Matters story today about
Tucker
Carlson apparently um it looks like the
knives around for Tucker uh whenever you
see there's somebody say on Fox News
universe or somebody on the right who
starts being very effective you know you
see all the enemies come out so you've
seen antifog go to Tucker's house and
now Media Matters which is you know sort
of a hitpiece
organization is after Tucker and
so I'm not even sure I want to I'm not
even going to talk about the topic that
he's in trouble for because it's
illegitimate in other words if you look
at the headline I'm just going to make
this up okay so I'm going to make up a
headline because I don't even want to
talk about the actual topic but it's
very much like this it would be as if
the headline said Tucker Carlson comes
out in favor of cannibalism and you
think my God Tucker Carlson came out in
favor of cannibalism I've got to read
this AR article and then you read the
article and it says from talk Carlson
I'm very much against
cannibalism what well the headline says
you're in favor of it the headline says
you're you're defending
cannibalism how come the actual text of
the article says literally the opposite
of that so that was a medium matters
HIIT piece where he says the opposite of
the headline
but people don't go much further than
the headline people are going to walk
away with that thinking he's in favor of
cannibalism so it's not about
cannibalism I just made that up because
the real story is not worthy of
mention um but I will tell you that the
story seems to be
um yeah the the story is completely
illegitimate it's just a hitpiece
all right um people keep sending to me a
clip of some gentleman who's doing a
behind the scenes look at AOC and and
believes that he has found the the
brains behind AOC and people keep saying
to me is this it does he have it is this
the is this the brains the real brains
behind
AOC to which I
say
no it it's just she has a chief of staff
and the chief of staff has a set of
Duties which are a little bit like being
the brains of the boss you know at least
you know in the in the on some level the
chief of staff is part of your extended
brain if you're the boss so it's sort of
true in a definitional
sense but I think people are really
asking me is this the person who teaches
her how to be so effective in terms of
getting attention and controlling the
Democratic message and stuff and I
looked at some clips of the gentleman
whose name I can't remember who's her
chief of staff and I don't see anything
there I I see absolutely nothing coming
through to suggest he's anything but a
chief of staff who's good on the
technical side and the data side
apparently and I'm sure he's very good
at that I have no reason to think he
isn't comes from The Bernie world I
guess so he he knows what he's doing so
I'm sure he's very
capable but no I don't think it's even
close to say that he's the brains behind
the operation I think that would be
completely
misleading all right um somebody says
you're experiencing confirmation bias
you love AOC for some reason let me say
as clearly as possible AOC in my opinion
is a racist piece of
 is that clear enough is racist
piece of
 is that ambiguous am I am I leaving
any doubt out there what I think of her
she's a racist piece of with an
with a set of ideas that are completely
impractical and would destroy the
country we would we would be eating each
other if we followed her plans she has
no practical ideas and she's a racist
piece of and she clearly doesn't
understand a lot about how the world
works that said
her persuasion game is a triple
plus so am I not allowed to say that
she's good at one skill can you not
follow me if you can't handle more than
one variable you're on the wrong
Periscope for those of you who can't
handle the fact that she could be good
at one skill while being bad at a
different
skill is is that clear enough anybody
need a little little extra clar
ification there all right
um the that complaint is is part of a
larger class of complaints that make me
a little crazy so people will hear me
say one thing on a topic and they'll say
oh why do you only say good things about
this topic well I only said one thing so
far I said one thing if it happened to
be positive that doesn't mean I think
everything on this topic is positive
I'm I'm not those people on TV who only
take take a side and then ride it
forever if you need that don't watch
this because I'm the guy who's going to
make you feel bad at least once a week
by telling you that you're wrong about
something so if you want to hear that
you're wrong about stuff stay with me if
you want to just hear some take
aside be aund to stuff you know where to
go for that all
right um
I I
uh I created a little trouble by
supporting
trans uh Sports I don't even know how to
what are the right words to say this so
I was supporting the idea that somebody
biologically born male who transitions
to a woman can play on women's
sports um I made a set of points about
that and if you watch the internet
you'll see people arguing an entirely
different set of points as if I said
them so people say things like but Scott
don't you understand that that person
who is born biologically male and
transition to female would have an
unfair Advantage playing against women
why can't you understand that Scott to
which I say that's the
Assumption that's not something we're
arguing about who the hell is arguing
that such hypothetical person would not
have some Advantage stop telling me I'm
wrong for the thing we all agree on we
all agree this hypothetical person has
an
advantage now the question is is it
unfair if you take any team any
basketball team typically there are one
or two players on the team who are just
way better than the other teams or the
other players on the team is it fair
that on my high school my high school
basketball uh Team there was one player
who was just way better than everybody
else was that
fair sports are not about
fairness sports are primarily for the 5%
of people who are really good at them to
humiliate the 95% who are not that's the
primary function of of sports is to make
the 5% feel extra extra good and get an
extra Advantage because they've crushed
people they've built up their
testosterone if it's male uh they've you
know they've learned to win they've
learned to compete they've got team
experiences it's all great for the 5%
who were good at it what about the kid
who goes through the whole process just
to sit on the freaking bench like an
idiot it's not good for that kid what
about the kids who couldn't make the
team and they're not part of the In
Crowd cuz all the athletes are kind of
cool and they hang out with each other
it's not good for the rest of them
anyway my point is I welcome
disagreement on points I actually have
talked
about but you'll see that most of the
disagreement on this issue will be a
manufactured disagreement where somebody
imagines that I've said that it would be
a Fair
competition I've never claimed fairness
is an aspect of sports that exists
or should exist in the future sports are
about mismatches if every if every
sports team was evenly matched and you
know baseball games were one by one and
you know every basketball a game was you
know it's the last basket that
determines it would seem fun for a while
but I
would I would U suggest that it's the
mismatch and the
unfairness that makes you come back you
want to see Tiger Woods crush the field
of lesser golfers back in his Peak you
want to see Michael Jordan in his Peak
destroy the other team that's that's the
fun part it's not where somebody tried
to shoot a basket and somebody somebody
kind of half blocked them because they
were about evil even those two players
were about equal no you want to watch
Roger Federer dismantle another player
like you can't even believe was possible
all right sports are on the surface we
hey let's be fair Let's Be Good Sports
let's have good rules you know we try to
make these teams even you know we'll
have leagues so you're in the same
league and everything not really that's
not the fun part the fun part is the
gross mismatches the Shaquille O'Neal
that's why you watch you have to have
this fiction about fairness because
we're we're a society that likes to
imagine fairness exists all right so and
then uh I did a comic comic that came
out on Sunday which I knew would get me
in trouble which is and partly it's
partly why I do it and the subject of
the comic was Dilbert talking to his
boss and Dilbert's boss says to him that
they want a contract to measure the
temperature of the ocean and they have
to figure out some devices and ways to
to measure the temperature of the ocean
and dilber says it's too big and the and
the boss says that they'll basically
sample
it now that this is pretty much the way
climate scientists measure the ocean
because the ocean's a big place so you
can't measure it
everywhere um you you can't measure
every part of the ocean so that they
have representative places in which they
can sample it and then over time they
can check their their samples against
other samples and say did it go up or
down now here's the here's here's my
question I'm told by climate scientists
that the ocean is like a big memory
device
in the sense that there are parts of the
ocean which still have the temperature
memory of maybe thousands of years ago
or at least the past because if
something gets to the bottom of the
ocean it's going to take a while for
anything that happens above the ocean to
change its temperature so you've got
you've got you know the the water is
moving you've got maybe some underground
volcanoes you've got you know if it's
true that the
let's say the uh the Gulf Stream has has
changed a little bit so you've got all
these things going on so if you were to
drop your um your measurements in
certain places would you get a
representative
sample my guess is
no now I'm not sure if there are
scientists who could who could convince
me otherwise maybe they could I wouldn't
rule that out but it seems to me
logically that you could do a sample of
something that has some samess to it so
somebody tried to use the example of oh
if you took the blood if you tested
somebody's blood out of their arm you
know would that be good enough or would
you have to test test the blood you took
out of every part of their body to know
what the composition of the blood is to
which I say don't we kind of know that
blood is the same all over in your body
but if you talk about the ocean of the
entire planet don't we know that that's
changing all the
time so it might be that you can measure
the temperature of the ocean to such
Precision that you can tell if the
temperature of the ocean the whole ocean
was 0.1 warmer than last year
maybe maybe I don't like to talk in
absolutes because that's how dumb people
talk so maybe that's possible but let me
ask you does it feel possible to
you I mean I could I could imagine if
they could get it within a few degrees
but if you're talking about uh climate
change you really need to get it down to
I don't know 10th of a degree or
something like
that um somebody says seriously where
you take the blood
matters well it doesn't matter if it's
your arm or your leg I don't think
um the electric universe theory I have
not heard of that
now save the Krill you must be watching
Star Trek Discovery by the way I'm
watching the new the newish Star Trek
series that's on CBS they have a a paid
feature CBS does I don't know what it's
called but you can buy the new Fe the
the new Star Trek I like it a lot I
gotta say the new Star
Trek quite
good uh the
Orville so I do watch the Orville uh
Christine and I enjoy watching that
together and I had the hardest time
trying to figure out if the Orville was
a comedy or or what it was the first
time I watched it and I'm still not sure
it's really very much its own thing
but it doesn't fit the it doesn't seem
to
fit you know the pattern of other sci-fi
it's very much its own thing but for
whatever reason it's very
watchable without me ever walking away
saying it was good I I don't know how to
explain that so let me say that again
the Orville is one is one of those shows
that it's appointment TV I make make
sure that I know I know when it airs and
I know when I watch it and I make a
point to a special point to watch it and
there's only a few shows like that two
or three h but every time I watch it I
walk away thinking well that wasn't very
good and then I'm I look forward to it
again now what's
that what makes that happen why is it
that I could watch it every time and say
Ah that's not very good and then still
look forward to watching it again I
don't feel that way about other things
so there's there is something about it I
like maybe it's maybe it's because they
create a world and you can go live in
that world a little while I don't know
maybe it's because they don't really
have bad news if if you watch the
Orville um maybe this is it I'll tell
you I think maybe I know what it is most
shows they ramp up the
tension so that you actually feel bad
about what's happening to a character
and you're thinking ah hate to be in
that situation that looks bad looks
feels bad but the Orville even when
people are in terrible
situations they never ramp up the stress
so you're just watching it's like it
looks like somebody got closed up in a
cocoon there I guess they'll be out in a
few minutes and then they're out in a
few minutes like everything's sort of
easy on the
Orville so I think I like it because
they never have really bad news on the
Orville it's like everything is just
sort of you know floating along and
everybody
survives
um on another topic I tweeted around
this morning a GoFundMe for Michael
Caputo for his legal defense Michael
kaputo uh is a republican consultant who
got dragged into the Mueller
investigations or the or con
Congressional investigations but anyway
he's been he's been Dragged In he's he's
run up hundreds of thousands of dollars
in legal bills for nothing for nothing
he just happened to go to work you know
do his job as a political consultant
then all of a sudden he's being hit with
hundreds of thousands of dollars of
legal bills just for being in the
general orbit of President
Trump and there are 81 people in
entities were being um subpoena is that
the right I don't know what the right
term is but
um old nads Jerry Nadler Gerald Gerald
Nadler who I call Old nads has decided
to criminal to basically
weaponize um Congressional
oversight so I think that's the way to
think of it so old nads has taking a
important and valuable governmental
check and balance process and he's
weaponized it against the citizens of
the
country now it would be one thing if he
was going after elected
officials you know I would I might have
a problem with it if if it were an
overreach but going after elected
officials seems more like congressional
oversight kind of thing to do but once
you start dragging in anybody they've
talked to or anyone they may they might
have sought advice from once you start
bringing them in and burdening them with
you know it could be half a million
dollars of legal bills by the time
somebody's done with this this whole
cycle does that seem like a country you
want to live in I say no now
unfortunately for Michael Caputo to push
back against this and he has he has
decided to push back and and not
participate in it he's probably in some
fairly serious legal Jeopardy unless
some substantial other part of the 81
people push back as well so I would
recommend what would make me happiest as
a citizen as a as a member of the team I
would be happiest if all 81 people
refused to cooperate now if they all do
it maybe they have a chance of Defending
against it if kuto is the only one who
does it he's probably got some serious
trouble and it's not his fault he could
be in serious trouble for doing the
right thing in public if you do the
right thing in public and you have
committed no crime you're making a
you're making a a statement about how
far you're willing to go to let's say
add credibility to what is weaponizing
the the O oversight function of the
Congress to go along with
that would be to make the world a worst
place so kaputo is saying I'm not going
to make the world a worst place and I'm
going to take a chance that I can avoid
making my own situation worse by
bankrupting me even further than he's
already been basically he's been wiped
out by this process so you're watching
you every time you see
this this
monster old nads when I watch him
I don't know if it's just me
but you could not have cast in a
movie someone who looks more like a
troll who lives under the
bridge I'm just going to say it old nads
looks more like a creature than a
human
now I usually don't like to make fun of
people's looks but in this case he's got
it coming they they picked the the one
person in the world who looks the most
like an actual monster like a troll you
know if you were going to cast him you
wouldn't even put makeup on him you just
say all right you're nads you're playing
the part of a troll who lives under the
bridge and just wants to do bad things
to people and he'll be like all right
I'll I'll go into the makeup truck I'll
I'll be out in the few hours and they go
oh no no no makeup needed we're just
going to change your shirt
we'll just put you in a different shirt
everybody will know you're a troll
they'll just look at you but now I think
I'm being
influenced by by his actions in other
words if you just saw him in a business
suit in a business meeting and he didn't
know who he was you wouldn't have any of
these troll like monster thoughts he
would just be another guy in the suit
but because of what he's doing is
so wrong wrong like so deeply wrong he's
he's actually ruining the country for
political means right in front of the
country he's actually attacking citizens
of the country for whatever troll like
benefit he thinks he'll get it's one of
the worst things you'll ever see in your
life and the fact that we as Citizens
are allowing this to happen as if it's
okay because it just sort of crept up on
us you know you see oh somebody manifer
got got pulled in well that makes sense
he did some bad things and you see you
know members of the administration
pulled in and you say well that makes
sense they're members of the
administration Congress has oversight
yeah of course they need to talk to them
now and then but you see somebody who's
not even working for the administration
who's just being bankrupted by the
process and has already said he has
nothing to say because he's been talked
to a few times already has presented all
the documents that he has access to
to to destroy that
guy is just pure evil pure evil and so
when I look at old nads I see a troll I
see a
monster
and um I don't know maybe you do
too so I would like to open it up for
comments but the only people I want to
talk to this morning are people who
still believe in the Charlottesville
hoax now let me give you an update here
I've been um chatting on
Twitter with David Pacman who is one of
the people who believed the
Charlottesville fine people hoax
believed that the president was talking
about the neo-nazis when he said fine
people that's the way it's reported of
course that's ridiculous and never
happened but he believed it now I went
through my usual defense and I talked
about this yesterday where he he seems
to have gotten off of the the idea I'm I
don't want to read too much into his
mind but in terms of our Twitter
exchange it seems like once he was
presented with the argument he backed
off the thought that the president was
ex explicitly saying that the neo-nazis
were fine people so I
think we saw a public example where
someone would believed that hoax and
then was talked out of it in
public I think it's a first I don't know
anybody else who who's going through
that process in
public
um but in the end he didn't back off
criticism in general so his his last
position based on the last tweet was
that the president um didn't didn't
handle it right in the sense that there
might have been a little too much
hesitation for
example so that's a whole
different criticism that's a very
different criticism and it's one that's
you know harder to argue against because
you know it's the hardest thing to argue
against you should have done it
sooner have you ever been in a
relationship with
someone and you know you you do the
right thing whatever the right thing is
you tell somebody something that you
needed to tell tell them you fix
something you apologize for something so
let's say you do the right thing you're
in a relationship have you ever heard
this why didn't you do it
sooner so that's a chapter in my
upcoming book loser think if you ever
find yourself asking why didn't you do
it sooner you are penalizing good
behavior penalizing good
behavior um do you ever give flowers
to your romantic partner only to have
your romantic partner jokingly say oh
what do you feel guilty
about uh I did it was the last time she
ever got flowers let me say that again
in couple of relationships ago I think
two relationships ago um I had a woman
in my life who like to get flowers and
so one day there was no no occasion I
just got a bunch of flowers and gave
gave her flowers because she liked
flowers and what did she say she said oh
what do you feel so guilty about flowers
out of nowhere it's not even Valentine's
Day this by the way is exactly what she
asked me to do she asked me to make
romantic gestures when it wasn't you
know a Valentine's Day and
so don't don't penalize people people
who do the right thing is what I'm
saying
um yeah you can't get pasted you should
have done it
sooner look look at all the look at all
the men saying they had the same
experience did you jump to a conclusion
about the kid on the
video um how many times do I have to
keep keep talking about that same
Covington thing
um who hurt you
Scott why didn't I tell you the
sooner all
right so I think I was done with what I
was saying um if there's anybody here
who still believes that the president of
the United States called neo-nazis Fine
people I would like to talk you out of
it
on in this live format so if there's
anybody who still thinks let's see
who is waiting only virus Joe but I
don't think I have to talk you out of it
all right so um if there's anybody here
who wants to argue with me that the
president went in front of the public
and said that neo-nazis are fine people
that that actually happened anybody who
believes that actually happened I would
like to invite you now to be talked out
of it in public because I've figured out
now the the exact U process for doing it
the the best process for talking people
out of it is first you show them that
the quote was about people on both sides
of the statue you show him you show that
the president clarified and said no no
I'm I'm debunking or I'm disavowing
those neo-nazis completely so you show
that he said it very
completely and and then you ask this
question
do you believe that the president of the
United States went on live TV and
intentionally thought that praising
neo-nazis who are chanting uh
anti-semitic slogans thought that that
would work out well because that's what
you're saying you're saying you think
the president
believed that praising neo-nazis in
public clearly and on television would
work out well
so most people will stop right there and
they're like uh okay that's crazy and
then you say here's the Killer and then
you
say somebody's saying are you
anti-semitic I'm just going to block you
even even for asking me if I'm
anti-semitic that that gets you a
block
um because the question is an accusation
so you get you get blocked for that uh
um so then the second thing you do is
you say and you think that Israel didn't
notice right so why is it that Israel
who was the best detector of
anti-Semitism did not criticize the
president for being an anti-semite and
in fact love him and put up his pictures
and he moved the embassy to Jerusalem
and Israel loves him why do you think
that is what why is it that you think
you're good at spotting anti-Semitism
when first of all it's obvious he didn't
say that cuz nobody would say that and
secondly if he did how amazing would
that be in terms of you know un unlikely
and yet Israel is okay with it Israel is
it because Israel is
shy then here's the other point how many
times does this president president
Trump change his Minds about an opinion
if he had said it once would he say it
again
obviously um
obviously if this president said
something
once he would say it again when asked is
that what you meant he said absolutely
not he said I disavow the neonazis I'm
not talking about them has that ever
happened before have you ever seen this
President just change his opinion
because it was
unpopular no what is the main thing that
people are complaining about the border
security that the president keeps
talking about crime the crime coming
across the border if he keeps talking
about crime coming across the border and
everybody keeps saying the way you say
that sounds racist don't you think if
the only thing he cared about was
sounding not racist he would change how
he talks about the Border but he doesn't
because he doesn't give a rat's ass what
you think about it if he has an opinion
he just keeps it so if he had ever meant
and obviously he didn't mean it but if
he had ever meant that neo-nazis are
fine people the one thing I guarantee
you is he would have said it again and
when asked he would have said yeah
that's exactly what I mean but he didn't
say it and that's why he wouldn't repeat
it didn't happen once didn't happen
twice
um somebody says you're very wrong Scott
he cares deeply what people think about
him that is a ridiculous
statement so I hear this a lot from the
critics that he's thin skinned and he he
cares more than other people is the
implication that he he extra cares about
what people think of him number one
everybody cares what people think about
them and if you don't there's something
wrong with you okay so everyone cares
because it matters to your performance
it matters to your career it matters to
your political Effectiveness so what
people think of him is really really
important and it would be really really
important for every person now beyond
that does he do things which he knows
will be effective but will make a lot of
people angry at him
all the time he more than anybody else
doesn't care how angry you are at him as
long as it doesn't matter to the outcome
so what you miss is that when it matters
to the income he it matters to the
outcome maybe the income too but if it
matters to his performance he cares what
you think if it doesn't matter he
doesn't care what you think so that's
very different than being sensitive and
caring what you think he cares when it
matters otherwise obviously it doesn't
seem to make much
difference what about an cter so the an
couter thing I think you have to
understand who both the players
are and the way I see the an couter
thing
is uh I I hate to I hate to give up The
Jig here but it's a little bit bad cop
good cop
you see that right an Coulter represents
the extreme bad cop for you know
depending on your point of view it would
be bad cop for the border the president
would like to go further in her
Direction but politically it's it's hard
so she comes out hard against him and it
gives him something to push
against so she's actually a very
productive part of the conversation
um I know it doesn't look that
way but I would also be
surprised if Trump sees her as
completely uh a
negative because I think that as long as
she's making the extreme case everything
else he does seems like a um seems like
he's being
moderate so um I think he enjoys
pointing out the difference so she calls
him an idiot
he calls her a wacky but none of these
are too personal are they they're not
really that personal it's almost as if
they both know what they're
doing so uh no matter what you want to
say about an couter there are some
things which are just frankly
objectively true she's really really
smart so whatever else you want to say
about whether you agree with her
disagree with her don't like her
opinions or character whatever else you
want to say about her that would be your
opinion but one thing that's true she's
really really smart so if you factor
that in here I think it's more like two
people who know that their current
positioning is what helps them most Uh
andan coulter's current positioning
helps her most is consistent with all of
her other positioning she's got a base
she's got a market she's got people buy
her books for exactly those opinions
she's she's staying consistent the
president because he's in a political
realm doesn't have the luxury of having
some pure ideological ideas he's got a
compromise so having her over here as
the
uncompromised extreme in for immigration
gives him more space to operate so
having her dislike him is a
plus it's a plus
um all right let's see if there's
anybody here who wants to argue with me
about
um
Dante let me
take I'm adding a guest I can't tell
your name so we could
be we could be surprised when my guest
comes on hello guest guest can you hear
me guest I think my guest went
away did not want to come on so let's
try
Dante Dante are you
there hello
Dante good morning how are you good
morning I'm good man loving the show I I
had a quick question a little bit off
the subject what how do you feel about
the government um legalizing um the
compound phosy and and DMT to help us
wake up spiritually in this uh Spiritual
Awakening as far as getting away from
politics how do you feel about that yeah
DMT for those of you who don't know
would be a hallucina sort of like a LSD
correct Vibe and scientists have my
understanding is that science is
pretty um pretty certain that DMT in
particular has extraordinary medical
value extraordinary like like really
really impressive medical value right
and the RIS and the risks are quite
manageable you know compared to compared
to other meds I guess you know the risk
is quite manageable um so I would say
it's it's a tough sell in terms of
getting politicians to agree with it but
I'm absolutely on board assuming that
what I understand about the risks is
reasonably accurate so I do think the
government has some responsibility to
make sure that they don't you know
legalize something that's horrible but I
think if they look into it they're going
to find out it you know under certain
sit situations maybe only with Doctor
care that the benefits are probably
extraordinary and it it borders on
almost criminal negligence to make that
stuff illegal given the benefits I think
you'd agree Dante wouldn't you I I
totally agree I think that a lot of us
um a lot of us are coming into a
conscious uh Awakening due to uh the
movement of celestial bodies and we're
coming to the realization and and uh
we're breaking the mold and it's a
beautiful thing a lot of a lot of us
young people were breaking the mode
we're coming into the understanding and
we're we're breaking through uh the Pol
the political system and trying to get
back to ourselves so that's that's a
that's a real hard thing to be able to
try to B bance who we are as Divine
beings and as well as balance us you
know as far as in this in this system in
this system that we caught in as far as
the Matrix so I I was just my question
was uh uh was pertaining to pertaining
to that and and getting back to
ourselves and how do we break free of
that political structure even if it's
possible yeah um yeah I think I think
hallucinogens have a place especially
you know not just for people have
specific mental situations and
apparently it can help in those cases if
medically supervised I'm going to add
medically supervised as a as a big you
know uh criteria here
um but yeah I think it also changes our
understanding of what's possible so
changing your understanding of what's
possible is hugely beneficial and thank
you Dante I'm G to take the call all
right
bye all right look for somebody who
wants to um let's try Harrison here
looking for somebody who wants to argue
about um the fine people I doubt I'll
find any I don't think anybody's gonna
uh argue with me on that point but let's
see all right uh caller can you hear me
caller hey Scott sure can good to talk
to you hey hi do you have a question hey
I do um so and it's not about the uh not
about anything to do um so it's about
the transports so uh specifically about
the arbitrary nature of rules right so
if we're if we're talking Sports at what
point are we going to draw a line and to
me I think the difference between men
and women would be a pretty good line to
draw well it's uh that's that's fine you
could draw that line but when somebody
has transformed from biological male to
Fem female they're they're female so as
as long as we're in control of how we
Define stuff we can Define it any way we
want now so the argument would be not
what should the rule be you have to go
deeper and say why what what is the
purpose of sports what are you trying to
accomplish because so you're trying
you're trying to you're trying to
actually you're trying to show people
the best of whatever set of rules that
you're operating under right so if
you're operating under the male female
definition of the rule you're now
looking at something that's comparable
across genders right you're you're able
to
compare the best women as defined by
biology against the best women yeah but
why why do you care about that uh
because I enjoy watching the highest
quality performance across both men and
women so I'll take volleyball for
example hold on hold on let me ask a
question right sure what but why is that
important you you've you're defending a
random standard and the standard is
biologically born men versus
biologically born women and I understand
you might enjoy watching that show but
there's no natural law there's no
constitutional there's no reason that
one of them cannot be you know if if one
person on the field was born male and
transitioned to female
it doesn't ruin anything nothing's
ruined well but it changes the nature of
the sport though right so if we're if
we're creating two sets of separate
rules already right we're we're talking
about a male Sport and a female sport so
that's a set of that is a set of hold on
hold on I'm I'm gonna stop you because
it sounds like you're going back down
the same path of just saying something
like rules are rules and rules should be
rules and how about those rules Give Me
A Reason give me a reason that does not
have to do with a
rule well so the the argument I guess is
is under the fact that rules in sport
are arbitrary right so there's no
there's no value to sport you can't do
it well no I'm asking I'm asking you to
answer the question without talking
about rules tell me there's not because
because if we're if we're talking safety
if we're talking we're talking that
that's that's an argument that we agree
on wait are you wait are you're saying
uh if it's a if it's a bad match to be a
safety issue no no I'm saying that that
would not be a safety issue I'm I'm that
and I'm not trying to put an argument
that you agree with in your mouth right
so we're not talking safety we're
talking about the enjoyment for people
watching the sport is that is that the
purpose of sports right absolutely it's
the purpose of sports now would you say
that's the purpose of high school sports
or just professional
sports uh well so high school sports are
liazon to professional sports for a
small minute percentage of the
population right so we could forget
about the small
minute are are high school and college
sports for the benefit of the
spectators uh well it depends on what
you define as yeah yeah absolutely so
parents parents gain yeah we're not
talking monetary benefit why else would
it exist part of it that's part of it
but that's not the purpose of high
school sports the purpose of high school
sports is the benefit of the
kids okay all right so
in so without talking about
rules what's the the Ben what what's
wrong with having remember it would be a
rare thing you might have one
transgender on one team somewhere on a
woman's team so pick any example and
tell me what's wrong with it pick a
specific sport tell me why why there's
something wrong with it it's better if
you pick a specific sport okay so I'll
um I'll use wrestling for example uh
wrestling in high school uh men and
women at this point or young young
adults right their testosterone is
kicked in and there's a difference
between a male wrestler and a female
wrestler correct okay now I watched my
stepson wrestle in high school and
although they they wrestle in I guess
weight class or age or something like
that but because of his muscle
development being very low he was it was
like a an adult with a the rag doll
every time he got in there he was just
pushed around like a rag doll and it
wasn't even close to being um to being a
Fair
competition now so would you agree that
it's typical for
competitions and wrestling is a perfect
example where the the better wrestler is
just way outclasses the lower level
wrestler it's not even close would you
say that would be common yeah abolutely
so what would be the difference if one
of them happened to be born biologically
male uh well so again we're back to the
back to the same argument about a rule
right so we're we're trying to maximize
benefit in this situation for the kids
involved now as soon as as soon as you
talk about
rule that's that's the only thing that
doesn't make sense because you there's
no reasons R the rule is what what you
get to after you have a reason so give
me the reason and then we'll make then
we'll make a rule around what are you
what are you trying to accomplish
so I'm trying to Ma so at this point I'm
trying to maximize the benefit for all
the children involved in the wrestling
the sport of wrestling in high school so
so we're only talking about children in
this case well yeah I mean so if we're
talking professional we can we can
create an argument for the benefit there
but if we're only talking about children
in high school so high school children
high school children and there's one
person who is uh who was born
biologically male who's who's competing
against the women now if you're one of
the
women uh born biological women and uh
it's your turn to wrestle with this
person who was born biologically male
but is
transitioned could you have the option
of not
wrestling um so you can but you default
the uh so you
default so so now so now you're
undermining the entire the
entire
um do what so my my stepson once uh lost
a wrestling match when he was 14 do you
think that changed his life in any
way no no no no of course not we're so
these these sports are all meaningless
things if somebody doesn't want to
wrestle a person for any reason they
don't have to and not like money that's
not that's not true though because there
because we have we are talking about
potential for development in
participation through sport whether
they're not talking about we're not
talking about monetary benefit there's
the ability to manage your time
differently the ability to push yourself
differently that sport does help
children with so if you're now pushing a
kid out who's going to receive some life
benefits to it even if they're not going
to be professional in that that could be
pushing somebody out because they're
like well I don't really want to be
participating in a physical altercation
with somebody of the opposite sex at 14
years old if if you go to a a wrestling
match high school wrestling match you've
got you know hundred I think of matches
that happen in that building in any
given day there might be exactly one
transgender person who might have had
three matches scheduled and of
hundreds if those three people say ah
let's say two out of three say you know
I'm out I don't want to wrestle this
this is not fair to me let's say they
just forfeit big deal right but so why
is that why is that fair to the person
who's forced to quit why are why are we
holding the individuals who are being
forced out because of a a true concern
about wrestling with a male why is it
better to hold the transgender person
and their interests above other people
why um because everything's unfair so
why would why hold on why would it be
fair that my stepson wrestled with
people who were far more far better at
it and basically they were they were
genetically better at it because they
had you know different muscle structure
Etc right absolutely and yeah and and
that going to be the case when you're
talking about human differences no
matter what my argument is is we're GNA
we need to draw a line somewhere right
because we're we're creating something
to interact with other people with
right in some capacity
correct uh so you're back to rules but
yet if if the reasons aren't good you
don't need to talk about the rules so
the reason is it would be unfair is that
your reason
yes I guess a that's a fair way right so
it would be unfair makes it like every
other sporting event all the time
everywhere they're all unfair they're
all unfair because it's good players
against less good players there's
nothing fair about that that's the whole
point of it is you know that there's a
Shaquille O'Neal is that fair that he's
over seven feet tall right but there so
so no so no it's not fair but there's
also no instance where a woman could
compete with a Shaquille oia right so I
I'd like to have the opportunity for
women what's that got to do with
anything so because because women will
be overshadowed right so if we're if
we're trying to maximize the benefit
between men and women right we're kind
of changing the changing the argument
now we're trying to maximize the
potential benefit for either the high
school students or the professional
athletes
and so your your strongest argument is
that it wouldn't be fair but you would
admit that all of sports is unfair all
the time by Design absolutely because
we're because I mean but that's that's
human nature in general everything AR
all the time so if you argument that fa
the argument is
fairness and it's not fair anywhere at
any time it's not a standard so you're
saying that the standard that doesn't
exist in sports should exist but I don't
know why I don't know why you're
limiting it to sport because human
nature every everything in in the world
is unfair in some capacity so we use
rules Define that now you agree with
me okay so I'm I'm watching the comments
come in and um I Pro I probably have
never been more universally disagreed
with on any point so people are all on
your side by the way I'm just watching I
understand but so I guess part of part
of my question right is if you are going
to draw a rule somewhere in life which
we always do right like we we anytime we
interact right we've create a set of
rules a set of hierarchies that's just
the way the world and why do and why do
we set
rules to maximize
utility right and the so the utility you
would agree that the utility of high
school would be different than the
utility of professional sports right
correct okay but but there's I think
there's a lot more overlap and a lot
more benefit to creating a of rules
right or a hierarchy or maximizing
utility through a set of
Standards think that set of Standards is
a fair a fair standard to
make what makes that a fair standard
it's it's you've you've decided the
answer and then you work backwards You'
decided it's unfair for for these two
individuals to compete and then you've
worked backwards to say well it would be
unfair well so so I would say I would
say that the medical studies over the
years right that have shown a clear
statistical difference between the body
composition of men and the body of women
so you would also say that uh the guy
who beat my stepson in wrestling should
not be allowed to compete because he was
really muscular no because no because he
is he is bound by one of two Frameworks
male and female and there's
distributions within those hold on if if
I studied if I did a DNA test on my
my late stepson and I did a DNA test on
the kid who kicked his ass in in a
wrestling competition you would you
would you would likely find that they
have different genetic muscle
composition there are some people who
just have you know more strength per
muscle you know they have you know the
the the endurance versus the sprinting
Etc why why should people with such
different physicality be in the same
group isn't that unfair because there's
no no way he was going to beat that kid
right so if you want to if you want to
draw a line at trying to create fairness
across everything in sport then that's
then that's a conversation we can have
and then removing women's sports from
this is is an option right like
that don't that part of the but but
don't you either have to accept that
unfairness is a an essential nature of
sports and competition or you have to
get rid of it all those would be the wa
so but so but so the caveat I so the
issue I have with that statement is
you're drawing a caveat Around Just
Sports I don't I don't understand why
that is the is that what we're talking
sport right but I'm saying why is that
why is that a problem in sports but it's
not a problem in all of life right so
life is inherently unfair so we draw
rules to create uh rule so we we draw
rules so humans can interact together in
the best possible way and and when you
agree that we can adjust those rules
whenever it makes sense absolutely or or
utility so so we could whether or not
it's wise or we should but we could
adjust the rules so somebody born
biologically male who transitions would
be allowed to compete on some women's
teams and maybe it depends on the team
so there might be a difference between
football I don't know if there's much
women's football but they might make so
so so it doesn't exist I'll give you a
little bit of background myself I'm
actually personally an SEC an ex SEC
athlete with a degree in data science so
I have a I have a very strong benefit
that has come from me in the Athletics
field but I've also seen the massive
amounts of negatives of going through
this path that you talk wait but but
hold on for a second every time you
bring the argument back to but you have
to understand that these biologically
born males have a great Advantage you're
not really on the argument because
that's the part everybody agrees on and
and I found that people keep going back
to that as if I somehow didn't agree
with the most obviously true thing right
no and I'm not and I'm not claiming that
you disagree with that point so can can
we can we start from the understanding
that it's an it's a great Advantage
absolutely 10% now then would it be true
that other people who are let's say just
men on a man's team there would be men
who have great advantage and if you were
looking at women's sports
if you look at the women who often are
winning these Sports you look at them
and you say well no wonder they're
winning they're they're bigger they're
stronger you know it's obviously we're
born with some advantages so would you
say that people having an an pretty big
Advantage is the normal and accepted way
of sports that having AB absolutely
there is a there's a biological
requirement to be in the top percentile
in athletics okay so what you've
described so far is lacking a reason
you've you've completely you've
completely given up on the reason and no
no the reason is that the tales don't
overlap right so that the tales of the
female distribution does not overlap
with the tales of the male distribution
all right that's just word salad now so
I'm GNA I'm gonna go to another color
because you've you've kind of lost the
trail
here all right let's try somebody else
on a different
topic um by the way once you get to the
word salad you have to you have to back
out does anybody I'm looking at your
names and trying to see uh if anybody
would argue me on something else all
right I'm g i g to
ask virus Joe to come in here just
because you've been so patient Joe are
you
there virus Joe
good how are you got a question bad not
too bad um I just uh wanted to say again
thank you uh you're awesome you are my
uh joy in the morning especially when
you're cursing so please do more of that
I love it um but I had a question more
on the lines of
basically um you you had mentioned in
the past about drug dogs and their use
with fent andol and you know if it was
possible for them to I think to actually
able to um you know sense that and then
the possibility of parents as well too
well uh my my mom and family and police
that she's trained dogs for the FBI the
all the agencies basically the local
police sheriff's department everything
like that as well and um one of the
things that you know obviously dogs can
be hurt by fentanyl you know they they
smell it or anything like that it gets
in contact with them just like a human
and it'll hurt them very badly of course
um but the one of the the biggest
changes that I think could save lives
has to do with law um here in North
Carolina if you wanted to bring a dog in
say if you if you know like for
ourselves if we had a drug sniffing dog
um because hers is trained on cadavers
drugs everything literally um you know
and if you brought in that dog you would
have to you are legally obligated to to
call the police once you find something
or have a sense that something is there
if the dog hits on something um if you
call the police instead again they're
legally obligated to arrest you so it
sort of creates a big blockade of people
you know in that hard situation of well
I want to stop my kids from doing drugs
whether it's fentanyl or any other type
of drugs uh but I can't I I don't want
them to go to jail like is there a less
sort of a sentence and and they're sort
of stuck in a limbo area and I don't
know what laws are in all other states
but I know that's created a huge problem
um just by itself because dogs of course
you know sense uh smells they they sense
every individual smell they don't just
smell fental is like one object they
smell like literally say if they were
eating or smelling a salad they would
smell the tomatoes the lettuce the
onions everything like that as well okay
um well thank you for that comment yeah
the laws probably do need to be adjusted
I've understood that
the a little bit of f otherwise they die
there's actually a big risk to the dogs
if they become
full any other change or persuasion that
could be used for that yeah I guess I
don't know enough about this field but
you you point out something that sounds
like it's worth looking at so thank you
for
that um so I'm I'm enjoying watching the
comments so um
so those of you who watched my
conversation with the caller who was
arguing uh against
transgender uh
sporting um give me your give me your
comments I want to see what the uh the
poll looks like so I'm I'm seeing most
of the people who say that the the
caller smoked me here's what I heard and
and this is pretty and people are saying
it wasn't word salad
um I'm pretty sure I understand what
word salad looks like and here's what it
would not look like here's what it would
not look like what is your standard for
sports let's say the standard is
entertainment does a
transgender add to or subtract from the
entertainment in any real way now that
would be an argument with a point you
know professional sports are about
entertainment transgender either does or
does not affect the quality of the
entertainment
product you could have an argument on
that here's another one uh there's a
physical risk to the people playing
against the biologically born male
transgender they have a physical risk
that they wouldn't have playing against
other women that would be an argument I
would listen to that argument and I
would also say well it depends on the
sport tennis no problem you know full
contact football you MMA maybe you
choose not to fight against somebody
like that who would who would physically
hurt you um but when you you saw him
going in circles on but but but we have
rules none of that is on point none of
it about why we have rules has anything
to do with anything because that's the
answer you have to start with what's the
point of this competition if the point
of the competition was to build
character in
kids would you argue that having one
transgender that you've ever even met
like one team one place has one
transgender uh athlete would that ruin
it for everybody probably not probably
make them understand the world a little
better um and you know sure there's one
person who doesn't make the team but
that's the way all teams work there's
always one person who didn't make the
team who wishes they had so I would say
that if you see somebody arguing a tough
tight argument where they say okay the
point of the
competition is building character let's
say high school sports and does the
transgender add or subtract to that and
once you develop that is there any other
point that matters see that would look
like a good argument to me no matter how
it came down it would look like a
rational argument if it's professional
you say well this is mostly about
entertaining the public you it's not
really about building character for the
athletes they already have character
they wouldn't be there um so it's
entertainment does the transgender add
to or subtract now that would be a good
argument but you did not hear the caller
take either of those arguments you saw
him just chasing himself in circles and
trying to and trying to say the word
rule as many times as possible and stuff
like fairness but fairness is not one of
the standards Fair fairness is not what
builds character in fact sometimes it's
the opposite of fairness that builds
character fairness is not necessarily
what makes Sports in general
entertaining because there's so much
unfairness into it you'd miss it if it
weren't there if you didn't have Michael
Jordan unfairly better than everybody
you played against it wouldn't be nearly
as fun so uh for those of you who
believed that what he said wasn't word
salad compared to what a real argument
looks like and then think about
it because if you're talking Concepts
and rules and philosophy and stuff
you're not really on point all right
that's enough for now I'll will talk to
you all tomorrow