[Music]
ba-ba-ba-ba
all right we're trying this again if my
tests are accurate this microphone
should work fine now there may be a
problem with this one triggering a
defect this is the I'm using the
microphone now that was causing me all
the problems the last couple of days but
it's the only mic found that works
apparently all right let's talk about
gas lighting so you've probably heard on
the news and you've and by the way if
this if this glitches I'm just going to
turn it off so don't look for me again
I'll have to figure out what's going on
if I get a technical error I'll just
turn this off
yes let's start again with the
simultaneous SEP get back on track join
me for the simultaneous app all right
now you've probably seen the word gas
lighting a lot you'll see the pundits
saying it and you'll see it on social
media and people are saying hey that
President Trump is trying to Gaslight us
or the Republicans are trying to
Gaslight us and here's the interesting
thing about this I'm not entirely sure
if the people who are using the word
know what it means it looks like they've
just invented a new word it's actually
an old word but they've they've
appropriated it and they've changed it a
little so that they can explain their
own Trump derangement syndrome and I
mean this literally I'm not joking so
the the hypothesis here is that the
reason that the word gaslighting is
becoming popular in the world of Trump
is that people can't understand why
they're so confused and why the world
doesn't make sense
now here's what gaslighting real
means and then I'll tell you how it's
being used by the pundits which is the
wrong way now the way it what it really
means is it's from a Hitchcock movie in
which somebody intentionally and here's
the key point if you take out the
intentionally part it's not it's not the
same definition but in gas lighting you
are intentionally trying to create a
situation that makes somebody crazy
because they'll doubt their own
perceptions they'll doubt their own
sanity so if you are intentionally
intentionally intentionally trying to
make somebody crazy for some devious
reason that's gas lighting the way it's
used by the pundits is he's trying to
make us believe something we don't think
is true that's not gas lighting that's
just politics both sides all the time in
every race in every where on earth in
every political transaction two sides
are trying to present you a version of
truth that is the one that they prefer
and they would like you to adopt it
labeling that gas lighting doesn't
change the fact that it's just
completely ordinary there's nothing more
ordinary than a politician trying to
convince you that they're not quite true
version of reality is actually totally
true now I keep talking to people on
social media which is probably a mistake
and what I say talking I mean you know
messaging people who tell me it's
obvious that the gas lighting is
happening because it's everywhere it's
all over the place look at all the
examples of the gas lighting and then I
asked for an example and then you'll
never hear from them again because there
are no examples in my entire life you
know I study persuasion I'm a trained
hypnotist you all know that in my entire
life I've never seen or been convinced
that gas lighting
existed not in the sense of somebody
intentionally trying to make somebody
crazy so in the case of Trump he is
extra persuasive and extra uninterested
in the fact checkers so that's a
different situation than what people are
used to but it's more just more of
what's normal
so what's normal is politicians fail the
fact-checking that's completely normal
and they exaggerate and they use
hyperbole and they you know they leave
out context if it doesn't help them et
cetera and somebody is saying that their
ex-husband tried to make them think they
were crazy nope the odds that your
ex-husband was intentionally trying to
make you crazy
is very very low I can't say it didn't
happen because I'm not there and I don't
know but I've never seen it I've seen
lots of cases where people are crazy and
they're telling you that the world is
different than you think and it makes
you crazy I've seen lots of people who
suspected other people were trying to
make them crazy but I have never met
anybody who actually tried to make
somebody else crazy I don't think that's
the thing you know somebody said I gasps
elated my cheating ex well there's a
difference between just messing with
somebody and in gaslighting there are
pretty big differences alright so here's
here's the larger point the fact that
half of the country had to invent a word
because they really invented it because
the the normal use of gasoline doesn't
really apply her they invented a word to
explain their own Trump derangement
syndrome in a way that made it someone
else's problem have you noticed that
because if I say I think I'm going crazy
whose problem was that
it's your own problem right so gasps
legging is a way to take responsibility
for your own mental state and blame
somebody else for it and act like it was
intentional
somebody is intentionally making me
crazy it's not something I did to myself
oh no somebody else is intentionally
doing it because I know I wouldn't go
crazy just on my own hey how would I go
crazy just sitting here I'm just
watching TV how would that make me crazy
unless evil people who were very clever
with their psychology are gaslighting me
and that's what's happening it must be a
plot so when you hear gas lighting just
know that you're seeing a conspiracy
theory anybody who tells you that gas
lighting isn't a thing I'm sorry
anybody who tells you that they're being
gas lighted by the Republicans they're
experiencing a conspiracy theory because
there is nobody behind closed doors who
were saying anything like yeah I think
I'll make them crazy with my clever
persuasion nothing like that's happening
there are just people making their case
there are people exaggerating there are
people doing the normal things that
politicians do but because President
Trump is so disliked personally by half
the country or more when he does
something that's on them that is
unambiguously good what are people gonna
say they're gonna say I don't get it I
don't get it I know he's Hitler but why
did he do prison reform
he must be gaslighting you or they say
well we know he's he's a big dictator
dangerous crazy man but why is he making
peace everywhere why is North Korea
making peace and Syria's making peace in
Afghanistan he's drawing down troops and
Yemen is talking to each other well
somebody's gaslighting us because our
world doesn't make sense the things we
think are true do not fit the movie
that's playing on the screen right in
front of us so somebody must be
this to us that's not what's happening
what's happening is the president is
doing a good job on a number of levels
and CNN is making them crazy now let's
talk more about that when people are
talking about the economy
it's traditional that you blame the
president for anything that goes wrong
in the economy and you give credit to
the president for anything that goes
right in the economy and in both cases
it might have nothing to do with the
president but traditionally we kind of
say are a good economy is good job for
the president bad economy is bad job
even if what they're doing doesn't make
that much difference but what's
different about today compared to say 20
years ago is that the president isn't
the only player in the economy and here
I'm not talking about you know the
businesses themselves and the consumers
obviously consumers and businesses are
you know they are the economy but if
you're talking about the economy you're
also talking about a psychology
you're talking about a psychology and if
the president is persuading people in a
positive way that's all he can do you
know here you can do some policies and
some trade wars and stuff but mostly
it's all about persuasion that's how how
do people think about the economy
because that's what makes them invest or
consume it's what drives the economy is
the psychology of it so I would argue
that Trump has largely gotten the
psychology correct with the exception of
minuchin 'he's play where i guess he
scared everybody with some phone calls
to sand banks so that was just a bad
play but it also probably wasn't the
president's play you know I think he's
got an advisor who needs to explain
himself but let me put it in this
context imagine every bad thing you've
heard about the economy and now imagine
if the anti-trump news had presented it
objectively instead of presenting it as
the
to the world just imagine every story
that looks like hair on fire and then
ask yourself could this had been
reported in a way that did not make
people's psychology about the economy
get worse for example let's take the the
resignation of general mattis how was
that reported by the media ah
my hair's on fire general mattis is
leaving he's the last adult in the room
we cannot survive without him he's the
greatest general who ever lived right
that's the way it was reported what does
that do to markets it scares him right
now was that president Trump's fault
because here's the other way that could
have been reported and tell me if this
is inaccurate in any way so it could
have been reported this way
general mattis did a great job
winning in Syria now that the winning is
done there are some differences in the
administration and he figures he's not
the best one for the job anymore
so he has resigned as is very common for
secretaries of defense is it's very
common for a person in his job mattis's
to have a short tenure here are all the
examples of other of others in his job
who also who also resigned because they
had differences with the administration
oh and by the way Obama President Obama
also fired mattis for also having
differences of opinions some of those
differences of opinions included for
example he did not want president Trump
to move the embassy to Israel but it's
pretty clear that mattis was wrong about
that and so somebody who disagreed with
president Trump and has been wrong on
some of the things that we can see has
quit to make room for somebody who is
more in agreement with these the
president oh and by the way through the
entire history of humanity
every time we thought there was a key
employee who really made a difference
and if that person quits were really in
trouble
we've always been wrong always turns out
people are not that indispensable we
just think they are what happened to
Apple the company Apple after Steve Jobs
died stock went up a lot turns out that
people we think are indispensable are
not terribly indispensable and guess
what I should I'm going to stop saying
guess what and the other thing we know
is that that the second best General in
the US military doesn't suck imagine if
the news report of this it's possible
that the best general we've ever had
just resigned but the second best
General in the military is really really
good and you know what the third best
General in our military is really really
good and you know what about the fourth
best and the fifth best and the sixth
best do you know what's true about the
top-25 generals in the US military the
finest military the world has ever seen
they're really really good really really
good so we'll be replacing somebody who
was really really good with somebody
else who's really really good so the
news is that general mattis is going on
to a new job but not much is gonna
change
things are going pretty well now did I
say anything that's not true I don't
believe I did
I don't believe us have anything that's
not true so if the mill if the news had
reported it that way what effect would
that have on markets the markets would
have said yeah personnel change
blah now suppose when the media was
talking about trade let's say the media
reported trade this way well things sure
were a little bit scary when President
Trump opened up trade Wars with
basically everybody at the same time
it's scary situation but now that we've
seen that NAFTA has been renegotiated
now that we see that he is actually
getting better deals in his new tree
negotiations now that we see that he's
got a great relationship with President
Xi and we see that he seems to be making
progress it's going to take a long time
to get where we need to but China is
definitely responding and making some
concessions and lowering some tariffs it
might take six months to get there might
take a year but for everything every
dollar that we're losing because of you
know trade problems with China we're
making it up an extra tariffs so we'll
we'll have to shift them some things
around and take care of the farmers for
example but in the long run we'll all be
fine suppose the news had reported trade
wars that way is any of that not true
did I say anything that's that's you
know technically not true now it's
technically let me be more precise the
tariffs that were charging for Chinese
goods they probably don't completely
make up for the benefit of free trade so
it may not be a one-for-one but it's not
so bad right it's a completely
survivable no big deal and by the way
our economy is stronger than it's ever
been and by the way there are more there
are more jobs available than there are
people to fill them it's the best
possible situation for having a trade
war now suppose the news had reported it
that way is it the president's fault
that they don't report it that way I
don't think so I think it's just the
business model of the press
has learned that attacking the president
and saying that everything's going to
hell is good for business and you know
there's no question about that because
CNN has said that but if they pretty
much said that directly you know Jeff
Zucker has said it and almost as clear
terms as I've said it they're reporting
about Trump is where they make their
money and reporting positive things
about him he doesn't need to say this
sucker didn't say this part but
reporting positive things about him
would not really play to his audience it
wouldn't be good for business
so there's boo so ask so ask yourself
this if you're saying to yourself is the
president making bad decisions about the
economy you have to ask yourself how
much is what the president does and how
much is what the media does on their own
through for their own reasons and for
their own selfish profit I call it
selfish but it's capitalism they can do
what they want now let's take a look at
the feds action people who don't follow
economics probably say to themselves
well there are a whole bunch of things
in the news and they all sound kind of
negative and Trump's even criticizing
the Fed and basically there's this whole
ball of things that Trump is done and
said that are riling the markets that's
the way it's being reported right it's
not true that is fake news the true news
is that the president's doing pretty
much all the right stuff and the media
is reporting then it's all the wrong
stuff
who's where's the fault there if the
president does the right stuff in terms
of the psychology of the market and the
press is reporting that it's all the
wrong stuff is the president doing it
wrong I don't think so now you might say
to yourself well Scott it's the
president's job to manage how we see
these things if the president is so
persuasive Scott you say he's so
persuasive why is it that the news can
create this whole differ
story about him and it's believable well
the media is very persuasive it doesn't
matter how good Trump is if the media
has even more hours on TV and they're
persuading in the opposite direction the
media is destroying the economy right in
front of us and here's the best trick
the media is destroying the economy and
they're actually convincing the country
that it was because of Trump they're
causing the problem that they're blaming
him for now those of you who have
studied economics fact check me fact
check me on this is it true that all of
our big stories that are riling the
markets roiling or Eiling is it true
that all of our big economic stories
could be told honestly and objectively
as now such a big deal so fact check me
on that that there's nothing really
going on that's such a big deal and to
that the the business model of the press
incensed them to create a story where
everything's you know a crisis and it's
all president Trump's fault is that true
that their business model sort of forces
them to go in that direction is it also
true that all of this negativity coming
from the press has an impact on the
stock market
true now is it also true that the Fed
made a mistake let's talk about that now
the president has said the Fed should
not have raised interest rates as
quickly as they did here's what the Fed
did they took a market that was already
nervous because of the trade war and
because of the way the business model of
the media forces us to think about it as
more dangerous than it probably is and
then the Fed said we're gonna raise
rates on top of that was that a mistake
now some people say no it's not a
mistake because the Fed is independent
and the Fed is looking at the long term
and they know that they do need to raise
rates in the long term because the you
know the economy is a little too hot I
think that's true but could the Fed have
waited six months to raise rates could
the Fed have simply said that the trade
war is causing some uncertainty that
also will have will be a little bit of a
drag on the market and as long as
there's another independent reason for
the market to be you know dragged a
little bit we don't need to drag it more
at the moment we'll just wait six months
see how this sorts out and then if it's
still if it still makes sense to raise
rates psychologically economically that
would be the right time now I'm not
enough of an economist to know if that
six months would make any difference can
anybody fact check me on that if the Fed
had simply said what was weigh six
months because all this trade stuff is
too much too much froth which is way for
the froth calm down then we know what
we're dealing with can anybody tell me
with some certainty that the Fed made
the right independent decision given
that the result was that the market
tanked now historically the market has
mostly been correlated with the Fed
people who don't stand people who do not
study economics may not know that well
let me ask you how many of you knew show
me in your comments how many of you knew
before let's say before today how many
of you knew that the direction of the
stock market was highly correlated with
what the Fed does if they raise rates
it's bad for the market if they lower
them it's good for the market how many
of you knew that so somebody is saying
no a lot of you knew that right so I
think in general the folks who the folks
who watch this periscope are probably a
lot more informed than the average
person right because by the time you
watch my periscopes you've you've
watched all the news and and you're
ready to watch something else all right
so look how almost all of you are saying
yes which actually surprises me now let
me ask you this if I did the same poll
with Democrats would Democrats know as
universally as you all do would
Democrats know that the stock market the
biggest variable is the Fed because if
they do know that why are they
complaining about the other stuff
because it seems like on CNN the only
people who will say that are the the
token Trump supporters that they let on
once in a while but you don't see do you
see Don Lemon or Chris Cuomo or Jake
Tapper do you ever see them say well
we're going to talk about the economy
first thing you need to know is that the
stock market the biggest variable tends
to be the Fed Fed raised interest rates
and we're seeing the market go down now
that you have the context let's talk
about some other things that might be
bothering the market but there would be
smaller variables have you ever seen
CNN described it that way and is there
anything that isn't perfectly clear
about that and accurate and passes the
fact-checking passes all the
fact-checking
so so here's the here's the frame
because President Trump is the the focus
of everybody's attention who's paying
attention to the world lately you
automatically are biased to think that
whatever happens in his domain is either
because of him are not because even the
midterm elections they were not really
about the president but we all talked
ourselves into it being about him so
everything that's even not
the president is still about the
president it's just how we've we've
tuned our minds now so I got into a
conversation online with David Pakman
who invited me on this show by the way
he's got a popular podcast
now he's an anti-trump er on the left of
the political divide and he sent online
I think it was yesterday at what point
do we get to say that the the stock
market is tanking because of the bad
decisions of President Trump so his
point was at what point do you just say
all these bad decisions
they must be riling the market how do
you at what point do you say all right
it's obvious it's him to which I say and
here's a technique that I'm gonna teach
you in my book loser thing coming up but
I'll give you a preview you've heard
this before I think when somebody gives
you a laundry list of reasons which is
what I got it's like well what about
this reason this reason this reason this
reason you're the the five or six things
that the president has done that are
affecting the market now when you get
the laundry list if you make the mistake
of trying to deal with each one of them
they'll just keep adding to the list and
when you get to the bottom of the list
you know what happens right they start
back with the one on the top that you've
already debunked like it never happened
like you never had the conversation
where you told them their facts were
wrong and that that reason wasn't true
all right you've all been there right
you do the laundry list you work through
it you get to the bottom and then they
act like the first one had never been
discussed before just like that
conversation had never happened all
right so you can't you can't beat the
laundry list by talking about the items
on the laundry list so instead here's
what I coach you to do ask them what is
the strongest point on the list and then
you say I only want one and if they give
you three which they will try to do say
well which of the three what's your
strongest point and would you agree that
if I can discredit
your strongest point there you'll go
rethink the other ones because they're
weaker than the one that I just showed
you is worthless don't do for don't do
more than that as soon as you engage
with the second one yeah you've already
lost you've you've gone the wrong
direction
deal with one make sure it's the best
one according to them and then dispatch
it and by the way if you can't dispatch
there best reason you should agree with
them right if somebody gives you their
one best reason and you go oh yeah
that's actually a pretty good reason
then you should change your mind you
should change your mind and just agree
with them if they're the best reason is
actually pretty good somebody's saying
but you've said it's not a one variable
world correct it is not a one variable
world but it is true that if you can
shake somebody's confidence in their top
a variable if they should go back and
rethink everything else I'm not saying
the other variables don't matter I'm
saying that in terms of how you think
about them if your best reason is
debunked it should shake your confidence
and the rest of your list that doesn't
mean that they're fake but it should
shake your confidence all right so try
that out by the way it works really well
and what you'll find is that people will
not want to give you their one best
reason do you not do you know why people
will not want to give you their one best
strongest reason because they will
realize they don't have one they will
realize that all of their reasons only
work because they're together so what is
what has talked them into the whole is
the confirmation bias that comes with
each of these little pin pricks pin
prick pin prick pin prick pin prick oh
there's a big somebody's got a knife
because I'm hearing a feeling all these
pin pricks so they've talked themselves
into it with this indirect you know
confirmation bias evidence and they will
realize if you ask them to give you your
one best reason
that none of them are strong all right
it's literally like an alternate movie I
believe I've said that a few times where
do we stand with Soros so for those of
you who have missed my George Soros saga
let me summarize it for you so I've been
hearing for years George Soros is the
devil and he's done all these terrible
things and then I would ask people for
the for what he's done and what would
people tell me when I'd say what's wrong
with George Soros they would give me a
laundry list all right so the laundry
list is not something that just happens
on the left it's a universal thing so
when people would give me the laundry
list of what George Soros has done I
would often say give me the best one
what's the worst thing that George Soros
has done because if the worst thing is
baloney then maybe the whole things
belonging and people flailed and they
they they flapped around and they talked
about things he did when he was 14 that
don't matter we they talked about him
making money in ways we don't like which
we can now like that but it doesn't
really matter to American politics yeah
the people who said he was a Nazi
collaborator when he was 14 they're
wrong of course so so people would start
with the oh he was a Nazi collaborator
and then when you debunk that which is
easy to debunk he was a 14 year old kid
he didn't participate he just happened
to be there pretending to not be Jewish
and but finally after months I think
after months of asking people can you
give me any example of what he's done
that is directly so bad and the best
answer I finally got was this that he's
a major funder for lots of different
liberal
entities some of whom do bad things and
I thought okay that that is one one
easily stated reason that can be fact
checked and you find that it's true that
he does in fact fund a number of
organizations that I think a hundred
percent of them lean left and that there
are organizations that you don't like
and he has a lot of influence because
he's putting a lot of money into them
that's fair but it took a long time for
somebody to come up with that simple one
reason now you'd have to dig in deeper
and say alright but what are these
organizations really trying to do the
part where it gets crazy about Soros is
when you try to understand his motives
that's where it goes off the rails if
you say he's doing things that I don't
like and it's objectively true he's
funding organizations they have a
different philosophy they're protesting
they're doing things you don't like
that's just facts but if you take that
to the next level and you say that Soros
is internal thoughts or something that
you can see and understand and you see
that they're evil and all he wants to do
is destroy America and destroy freedom
and make us all open borders and stuff
if you think you can see that inside his
head that's not good thinking because
you can't in fact I can see no where I
started asking about Soros was trying to
understand what people thought he was
trying to do like what is it do you
think he's trying to accomplish and all
of that turned into mind-reading and
conspiracy theories and and weirdness
the only thing you can know is what he
does you cannot know what he's thinking
you can't at least you can't know it
with any certainty
all right so I think you could be it is
entirely fair to say that you do not
like saw roses influence and here's my
bottom line in it because we can't tell
how much he is influencing things
because the groups that he's funding
because it's not transparent in other
words we don't know how much money he's
giving to each group and therefore we
don't know what he's asking of them we
don't know how much influence he has
over them we don't know how much of
their policies are directly because
Soros says you know I won't give you
money unless you do this we don't know
any of that and because we don't know
that you are properly you are properly
in a good place to say he is evil
because of the lack of transparency if
everything he did with his money was
transparent then you could disagree with
it deeply but still wouldn't say it was
evil all right yeah if somebody was
giving a billion dollars a year to left
the organizations and he and he reported
it all and said look I'm giving this
much to this group this much to this
group and by the way I'm gonna ask them
to do X for me and if they don't do X
for me and that might be protesting it
could be anything
then there won't get money next year if
we knew something like that then you
could have an opinion about Soros that's
based on the facts you could like his
politics or hate them but he wouldn't be
evil because he would be telling you
exactly what he's doing
here's my money here's what I'm doing
with it here's what I hope to accomplish
this is what the long-term vision looks
like I think it's a better world I
understand this um if you think that's
not the way to go but here's why I think
it's a good world and how here's how I'm
spending my money if he did that then
somebody's saying go open up open
society I don't think that's going to
tell me what you think it's going to
tell me because it doesn't tell me
exactly what he's funding with each of
these groups etc
that's sort of conceptual somebody's
saying Soros invests to weaken the US
that's mind-reading if you asked him
would he say I'm investing to weaken the
US is that something he would say
because if he wouldn't say it then it's
mind reading to assume that that's true
all right so I agree with you that the
current way he is funding things it's
enough to be influential and if he's
influencing us and we don't know what
the details are of that influence you
could call that evil I don't I don't
think it would be out of bounds to say
that's evil you just don't know exactly
the details somebody says you're wrong
on this for those of you who want to
prove I'm wrong show me a quote in his
words in his words that explained he has
evil intentions in a way that is clear
so send that to me and I'll change my
mind he stated that the u.s. is holding
him back from meeting his goals what is
it that true of a lot of people I mean
that's such a generic statement the the
u.s. is holding me back from achieving
my goals isn't that every country the
don't all the countries in the world
want us to do something different the
quote about being a young Nazi being the
happiest time is life he was a 14 year
old and again I'm just I'm just gonna I
think I'm gonna ignore forever the whole
14 year old Soros saying it's too dumb
it's just too dumb to talk about a 14
year olds immature opinion when we're
talking about an 84 year old billionaire
it's just too dumb to even make that
part of the conversation
he said it when he was in his 70s about
when he was 14 all right I'm gonna
ignore those all the rests it doesn't
matter when he said it it doesn't matter
when he talked about it he was talking
about when he was 14
good lord that is how was that not
obvious all right
he helped 2d platformer Alex Jones you
mean one of his organizations did all
right that's enough for now
don't get laundry listed oh man they the
conspiracy theories around him are
insane all right but I will talk to you
all later