about you but I'm ready for a show let's
check the stock market um stock
market and at least the S&P is up
Tesla's down surprise rumbles down
8% all right but other stuff's looking
good let's uh call up the comments and
we'll give you a show boy you're going
to love it First full show of the golden
age if you don't go yesterday
all right got your locals comments
working right
there
[Music]
perfect good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams the beginning of the golden
age has begun
yeah the beginning has begun that's true
totally true twice and if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
no citizens can even understand with
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need is a cover muger a glass of tank of
chel Stein a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee enjoy me
now for the unparallel pleasure of the
dopamine to of the day thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now go
thank you
Paul well did anything happen
yesterday I'm completely overwhelmed
I've never seen so much happen in so
little
time my my standard of how much should
happen in any 24-hour day is now
completely
shattered how do you do that stuff in
any one
day anyway we'll talk of course about
the inauguration and all the politics
but while people are streaming in to
find the live stream here I want to tell
you about a a paralyzed man who using
some technology has learned to fly a
virtual drone with his mind using uh
some breakthrough brain implants so I
guess the implants read what would have
been commands to his digits his fingers
and instead of s it to his fingers it
sends it to the directly to control the
Drone so a person with who's totally
paralyzed can now fly a drone I mean
it's in the lab but oh wait I have an
update um the guy who is paralyzed and
learned to fly the virtual drone he's
been kidnapped by the ukrainians and
sent to the front
line wait I have a second
update he's dead all right well forget
about that story that's kind of
embarrassing
let's move it on uh last night uh as you
know last night president Trump had
three
balls uh he still has three balls today
which is the only way I can explain
Baron how do you have a child who's 6' n
you've got to have three testicles like
if if you tell me there's another way to
get that done maybe but I can't see what
it would be so I think he had three
balls last night probably three balls
all the time totally seems
normal it's the greatest inauguration
ever and at least that question can be
put to bed do you ever wake up and say
to yourself huh I wonder who had the
most entertaining and awesome
inauguration you don't have to wonder
that anymore this was the greatest
inauguration that will ever be seen in
American history nobody's going to top
that I just don't even think it's
possible you you could add some
spectacle you know you could have some
lions killing some Christians or
something I mean you know you could you
could amp up the energy but you couldn't
make it better it was just the greatest
thing I've ever seen in one day and the
funny thing is I watched it for hours I
just couldn't stop watching you know I I
skipped over some of the musical stuff
and whatever but but I watched
everything that had anything to do with
Trump and uh how do I do that when I
can't watch a movie like a 2-hour movie
would be completely out of the question
but I'm just like rivited to this thing
anyway only Trump could do
that so let's get into it you've heard
most of the things but it's still
enjoyable to hear them again if you've
heard them once because they're so
delicious they're so provocative they're
so interesting and there's so many of
them that it's just
remarkable uh but but let let me let me
just give you an idea first of all I
always talk about the new CEO move if
you're a new CEO of a company you like
to you know do a big change on day one
it's like you fire 10% of the people and
you rearrange the thing and you bring in
somebody who's a superstar from the
outside and you you announce you're
canceling one line of business and
you're focusing on something else so
whatever you do on the first
day sets the stage because people are
influenced by first opinions First
Impressions so that first little period
is so important persuasion wise that's
why CEOs start fast but Trump is the
best fast starter of all time it's not
even worth worth even comparing him to
anybody at this point he had the best
show the best show nobody puts on a show
better than he does now is that an
accident no is it an accident that
somebody who is famous for a reality TV
show famous for managing his brand
famous public figure famous for being
the most entertaining president of all
time even if he didn't like him he's the
most entertaining uh no it's not an
accident that the best showman in the
world put on the best show in the world
no that's not a
coincidence and you could see him
directing things even as he was doing
them as he was signing the executive
orders he was he was he was telling the
camera people what angle to do I think
he had suggestions on lighting at one
point I'm probably I feel like it was
probably his idea to bring in the desk
to the Capital One Center so that he
could actually sit at a desk and sign
some executive orders and then take it
to the Oval Office and sign some more
while chatting and answering
questions you tell me that could have
been better how how you can't you can't
your imagination can't even think how
that could have been better I mean that
was everything we wanted to see and he
can read a room like nobody's business
it was the most energy I've ever seen uh
I don't know how he stayed awake for
those two days I mean that was
impressive for somebody who talks about
energy all the time you you better
deliver some energy wow did he deliver
energy wow it's most optimism I felt in
maybe forever uh it was some of the most
competent
execution that you'll ever see from any
government related anything
now if if you consider the temperature
and the last minute adjustments and the
number of moving parts do you have any
idea how much capability you saw
yesterday that was a lot of skill and
the skill went right down to every every
participant uh if you watched Carrie
Underwood take the microphone to do her
performance and then find out that there
won't be any Musical
accompanyment and then not even and
hesitate and just say I'll do it
acapella acapella and then deliver an
instant
spontaneous probably the best version
I've ever heard and then just walk
away just the the level of talent it
took to do what she did and made look
easy just off the chart off the
chart anyway
um so what else um
the the other thing was when Trump was
signing all the executive orders and
chatting and answering questions it was
this rare opportunity to see his scope
of
knowledge uh he understood everything he
was
signing compare that to and could talk
about it he could talk about the context
he could talk about why it was a good
idea and there was nothing that stumped
him he talked about all kinds of
stuff and capably and competently and
confidently compare that to
Biden who allegedly paused the liquid
natural gas shipments and didn't even
know
it when speaker Mike Johnson asked him
about he's like I didn't do that he
didn't even know what he was signing
compare that to Trump he signs it in
public while answering questions and can
give you context on all of it complet
completely different
anyway um
Melania I've never seen Melania happier
of you so I think Melania was enjoying
the I don't want to call it Revenge but
maybe the The Comeback of it this
the the what it did to just her personal
life and her reputation that he could go
from the depth of January 6 you know
basically all that noise and end up
being the most popular president
who's just changing
everything now that's got to be exciting
to be married to that because you know
they didn't go through good times right
I mean just anybody who's ever been
married you know that whatever happened
after January 6 probably didn't go
smoothly but they stuck it
out and Melania gets her revenge because
you know if you're married to the guy
you suffer every time it gets hit she
suffered a
lot a lot
and she gets to put on the outfit that
everybody's talking about some people
saying oh no it looks like she's the
angel of death you know she's come to
get a Revenge uh others just say it was
incredible fashion uh I just was taken
by how strikingly interesting it was I
mean I'm not a fashion person but I
loved it I just loved the fact it was
like an unexpected look the Hat was
different I I liked everything about it
I think she nailed it 100%
my favorite little moment and I think
some of you caught it was when Trump was
introducing some of his special people
behind him on the stage and one of them
was Baron and he said some good things
about Baron helping him get the podcast
audiences Etc uh but Baron stands up and
of course the audience goes wild because
they're Trump supporters and then as
they're cheering Baron has his little
smile and he puts his his hand up to ear
like you know give me some more give me
some more
Applause oh my God in that moment you
saw
Trump you you saw the next generation of
trump because I didn't know you know I
didn't know anything about
Baron nothing really but when you see
him stand up smile at the Applause and
just put his hand up like you don't
expect any kind of a political you it
was unexpected so it's something you
don't do in a political context he's
like
hello that that little moment just
connected him to Trump in a way that you
couldn't have done with words that the
physical act it just it was just you
could see the future like I don't know
anything else about him but he's already
at the top of my list of future
presidents just that little act it's
it's weird how that connected him to his
dad
anyway so the Republicans had what I
would call one of the best days in
politics of all time one of the best
days not just because of all the
executive orders and things which we'll
talk about but because of the way it was
launched was such a high level of skill
and capability and Showmanship and
talent just made me feel good but you
know I like I've told you before if I'm
just saying good things about Trump and
then everything's bad about the
Democrats I'm not going to be very
credible so just to be fair Republicans
did have maybe the best night
Republicans have ever had in the history
of knights if you don't count election
nights um but Democrats had a good day
too uh they launched their new rupar
hoax uh
that that Elon Musk gave a Nazi
salute at one of at the I guess the
Capital One
event now you don't need to know
anything about the story to know that
didn't happen
right you wouldn't have to have seen it
to know it didn't
happen um I have some so what he did do
I mean you know I agree with cernovich I
just feel like an idiot even talking
about it because it's so dumb it's so
stupid and and yet there were dozens and
dozens of major Outlets who reported it
as musk giving Maybe I know that that
might have been a Nazi salute now of
course the video is a rootar you know
what a rupar is so rupar named after
rupar is a video that if you clip out
just a little bit of it it reverses what
it is or changes it completely so all
the clips that you saw were just his
hand going up in a way that I'm not
going to demonstrate what they didn't
show the part they clip out is he has
words associated with it and he touched
his heart and then he
said where's exact words um thank you
for making it happen he said to the
audience thank you my heart goes out to
you so he touches his heart and then he
shows with his hands that his heart is
going out to them which which is the
part they they clip out the Heart part
so it just looks like he's he's giving a
nais now do you think that dozens of
major Publications doz cous do you think
they didn't know that that was fake I
don't think there's any chance that they
thought that was real but they reported
it anyway and I love it I love that uh
the the creator of the libs of Tik Tock
account already started the hoax list on
day one that's the first one in the hoax
list not only is it perfect because it's
a rupar seeing a rupar allows you to
explain how all the other ho were
created it's how the fine people hoax
was created RAR at it it's how the
drinking bleach hoax was created rootar
edit it's how the overfeeding the koi in
Japan hoax it's an edit you know and you
just go down the line it's all they're
all just
rars so I thought that was
hilarious um even the ADL said so the
ADL which exists to protect primarily to
protect uh Jewish Americans and probably
Jewish people around the world and and
would be I assume pro-israel that would
be obvious
um even they said that does that doesn't
really look like a Nazi slute to us and
if the ADL doesn't know what a n you
know it's not like the ADL doesn't know
what Nazi salute is but the ADL of
course is a ridiculous Democrat hit
group completely disavowed by people
who've looked into it um so even they
even they couldn't go that far but the
news
could the news that people think is real
and isn't they went that
far
anyway
um so as you know Biden pardoned a bunch
of people um some of the his family
pardon while Trump was getting ready to
speak so Trump wouldn't be able to speak
about it we all got to watch the
greatest moment in TV since Saddam
Hussein did his video where he was
telling people to stand up and uh say
something about the Loyalty of the party
before they were taken
out but um
anyway so here's the funny part um
people like Adam Schiff are on video
record saying that he's never heard of
anybody getting a pardon unless they
were
guilty and then shiff gets a pardon
then Jamie Rasin who's the funniest of
all the weasels so he he's asked uh on
an interview um are you going to accept
the pardon because if you accept the
pardon that's an that's an
acknowledgment that you're guilty or or
people would see it that way it's not an
acknowledgement that you're guilty it's
not that at all but it would be seen
that way so Rasin doesn't want to you
know give his enemies that easy win by
accepting it so he's he's hired a la
lawyer himself to find out if you have
to accept it in other words could he use
it if you needed it without accepting it
now I also wonder he and he said we
think it might be just a matter of
public record that if it's just sitting
out there then nobody's nobody's going
to challenge you because you know the
pardon's just sitting there what I don't
know is they don't expire do they does a
pardon expire because if it doesn't
expire and I can seems like it
wouldn't uh it's because it's meant to
be forever so why would there be an
expiration day then if it doesn't expire
you don't have to accept it right you
can just wait until it's
necessary uh and then if anybody tried
to go after you'd say you know I have
this pardon sitting here which I haven't
accepted but it hasn't
expired why why would you put against
why would you put a case together
against me when I can just accept this
pardon anytime I want so I have a
genuine question about that do they have
to accept it my my Common Sense tells me
it would be a permanent offer and
nothing would take it away because you
can't undo a pardon right the the whole
point of a pardon is you can't undo it
so Rasin might have a little weasel
Escape there which is kind of
clever uh Joy Reed turned into an
election denier I mean this is just so
good watching the complete destruction
of the Democrat Party that all they
could come up with was a rupar hoax Joy
Reed being an election denier and some
of their strongest players arguing about
whether they should or should not accept
a pardon for all their many behaviors in
the
past that's as hard as you could lose
you you can't lose any harder than that
anyway so Joy Reed actually said on some
kind of podcast thing
uh that she thinks that there was voter
suppression that helped get Trump
elected and voter suppression would be
rigging election according to her but
now she also says this just blowing my
mind uh they they even talk about like
stealing an election and it's making me
rethink whether I do believe like
election machines can be hacked because
I've always been like you can't hack the
election machines but they're like
convincing me now Joy
Reed I don't know how dumb you
are but election machines are machines
did you ever think they couldn't be
hacked I mean you could argue that they
haven't been or that you haven't seen
any evidence of it perfectly reasonable
but to argue that a digital
machine can't be
hacked who told you that where where did
you even come up with the idea that it
couldn't be
hacked I've got a better question for
you Joy can you
describe why there are electronic voting
machines why do they exist are they
faster not really I mean in terms of the
total result are they cheaper couldn't
be are they easier of course not you'd
have all the maintenance and you'd have
to hire special people no there's not a
single argument for why they exist
except that they're
hackable now I would love to be wrong
about that so if somebody knows more
than I do and they can tell me oh cot
you're so dumb there's a perfectly good
reason why machines are part of the
process uh and I will tell you
immediately if I hear that I've been
asking this question for years and not a
single person has offered me any
potential reason why they exist except
for the purpose of rigging election of
the only purpose now I could be wrong so
I can't say that as a fact and I don't
want you know some company to sue me I'm
just saying that if there's no other
reason what are you left to assume so
Joy Reed is just coming around to the
real world that
machines are hackable doesn't mean they
were but they're potentially
hackable anyway that's funny um let's
see who else Mark Millie got a pardon
now he was the he was a general during
the January 6 stuff and Mike Benz has
been been saying for some time that when
the January 6 thing is fully explored uh
that General Millie is going to have a
lot of explaining to do now I don't know
the details of what Ben's knows or or
speculates about that but Ben has a
really good nose for this stuff and a
good track record and if he says that
there might be something to look at here
I'm going to pay a little extra
attention because credibility matters
and he's built like a really good set of
credible uh takes so far so if if you're
not listening to Ben you're missing
really the whole show um but uh he did a
little Victory lap on X saying there it
is you know why why would he even need a
pardon and the speculation is that it's
not a coincidence that he needs a pardon
now I think but I don't
know that the speculation is January 6
was an engineered event or partially
engineered and you know partially chaos
and that the engineered part may have
some people who were in charge of the
engineering and if that's true it would
be hard to imagine that Millie wasn't
part of a small number of decision
makers who may have engineered something
if anything was engineered if it was it
looks like it was but we don't know that
for
sure uh fouchy he got a
pardon uh I watched uh Buck Saxton on
the Shan Ryan Show saying that uh he
thought fouchi is a protected guy like a
almost like a mafia made man highest
paid person in the in the government
highest paid person in the government
the whole government which is big I
don't know if you've heard this but the
government employs a lot of people he
was number one in Pay um but he does
seem
Untouchable uh we you don't know why but
if it's true that he was behind gain of
function testing in a lab do you think
that's just something he came up with on
his own do you think he was sitting
around with some scientists and said
let's start a lab where we do these
really dangerous
things you you don't think he had a
little bit of intelligence
CIA some kind of umbrella for the
project
I don't know I don't know one way or
another but I'll tell you one thing I
don't think shiff I don't think he's
ever going to jail the pardon should
take care of it but even if let's say
the State of Florida which is also going
after
fouchi um here's my
prediction that if Florida
succeeded in you know putting neoui in
some actual leer legal Jeopardy that
something would step in because if he's
protected he's protected it would be for
everything
so I've I'm going to predict that the
Florida work against them doesn't
succeed but when it's done you might say
to yourself oh but it was just some
legal
reason is
it is it we'll see um the January 6
committee they got their pardons
kininger says he doesn't need no pardon
which is another example of how dummy is
if somebody offers you a pardon and
you're
innocent you should take the
pardon because why would you put
yourself at risk of some big legal
case I know just seems like bad judgment
on his part to not take it but again it
could be that he doesn't have to say yes
or no it could be just out there if he
wants it so in that case if that's true
that he doesn't have to accept it then
it's just good politics to say I don't
need no pardon so I won't take it but he
could take it later nothing stopping
him Benny Johnson said yes I'll take
that pardon uh I don't know if Liz
jany's taken hers
yet well here's a thing I love about the
Trump Administration that I think is
different from every other
Administration I've said this before but
it's applicable at the moment the Trump
Administration is what I call a team
particip IP ation
Administration Trump more than any
president I'm aware of in my lifetime
can read the room he's looking at all
the the pundits the podcasters the
opinion people and he is really just
continually vacuuming up
ideas and how do you get to did he have
did he have 200 executive orders was
there a final number on that at one
point he said 200 but did he reach that
um I don't know but he had massive
numbers now do you think that those were
all things he sat down and thought up
himself no of course not they they would
come from advisors and and you know some
from himself some from advisers but
probably that the advisers themselves
couldn't come up with 200 so probably
they also were searching from other
sources you know other smart people to
see what things needed to be done so
when you look at what Trump does with
his executive orders it's almost
certainly you know bubbled up from the
bottom none of it looks like top down
every bit of it looks like populist
bubbled up there might have been one
person who said something smart got onto
the list made it all the way to the
executive order that's the way it works
and I don't think that works on the
Democrat side I think that's all top
down three or four people decide what
they're going to do and then they tell
you
so believing as I do that that is
actually an ongoing system that the
Trump Administration employs better than
it's ever been employed just the best
application of this of all time now
partly because the technology allows it
right if we didn't have social media
this wouldn't be really possible um but
I've got a specific topic that applies
to this uh Trump is going to be visiting
the Pacific Palisades area this the
Southern California fire area I'm a
little unclear on the date
because I've heard two different dates
uh I may have misheard one of them but
it's either today or sometime later in
the week but soon so regardless who when
it is whether it's you know today or
another day he's going to be down
there I don't know if he's going to tie
that to his announcement of some massive
infrastructure project that he's going
to announce today uh might be related to
the fire damage and in North Carolina as
well as uh or the the storm damage in
North Carolina and other places um and
uh as well as California we'll see if
the infrastructure is about that or
something
else
um but here's my suggestion so if
there's anybody on the Trump team who is
reading my ACT posts or listening to
this here's my idea when Trump goes to
the
Palisades uh the person who needs to be
on that team obviously lots of people
will be there with him no matter what he
does but probably the key person I would
recommend would be Joel Pollock um
senior editor of large brard because his
house is there which actually believe it
or not survived it's you know nobody can
move in of course but his house survived
he's got some amazing Stories he's been
on the ground since the beginning of the
fire and he knows the most locally
because he's a resident and he's talked
to more residents than I would guess
anybody in the world at this point and
he has the greatest context and
understanding of the states failers even
before the the fire he was he was all
over a lot of the context for the water
the water availability Etc and he has
some specific suggestions that are very
grounded in the real
world of what their problems are and
what can be done with
California as well as locally I suppose
so uh that's my suggestion we'll see if
this works um if you're wondering why
Joel is such a good person to have on it
take a look at his book it's called the
agenda this came out over the summer
what Trump should do in his first 100
days it was a book of just fast
suggestions you know just the simplest
little suggestion without a ton of
explanation to say do this executive
order do this executive order uh I saw
somebody this morning who who said they
read through Joel's book of what Trump
should do on day one and compared it to
what he actually did on day one and
there's about a one-third or more
overlap so they're definitely on the
same page and um the number one person
he needs to put on his team is Joel
Pollock yeah they know how to find him I
mean his team can find them they're they
know
him anyway don't don't get that wrong
that would be a big mistake to not have
him on the team when he when Trump
visits um I have a question about
executive
orders how many of those executive
orders are
legal and do we even care now my
understanding of executive orders is is
very simplistic so I might be completely
off on this but 2011 executive orders
somebody said 49 all I'm seeing
different numbers um
but I thought an executive order is
applicable when the law there's some law
in existence and it just needs to be
interpreted so not quite a court
interpretation but for example if
there's a law that says boys can do this
and girls can do something
else the government might just say well
there are only two
genders because that's like a that
that's a way to simplify the law that
exists it's just a clarification and
likewise if it's some National Defense
thing maybe the executive order says yes
they should be included in things that
are National Defense completely
reasonable so there's a whole bunch of
executive order things that we would all
understand as just normal
business but I don't know if all of them
are I don't think all of them fall into
the you know clean little executive
order and that's not and I don't think
this is just about Trump I I think
there's been some drift over time with
various presidents about what an
executive order is now I'm no expert so
this just my
non-legal non-constitutional impression
of it but when I saw we'll talk about
some of them but one of them was uh one
of the executive orders is titled people
over a
fish and that somehow Trump wants to
override some environmental thing in
California that would limit the releas
of water because doing so would be bad
for a fish which apparently doesn't even
exist in the affected area so people
over a fish first of all can I say
that's the funniest name for an
executive order of all time and it's
perfect framing because the executive
order shouldn't have been necessary
unless somebody put fish over people
which is what happened so he's coming in
as the common sense president you know
the the unifier is the Common Sense part
and he just says people over
fish how do you beat that how do you
beat people over a fish come on that's
the best name of an executive order of
all executive orders of all time and I
don't even want to hear the other
applicants because I'm going to say nice
try people over fish is the best
executive order name of
ala uh and that was you again to release
water into Southern California so the
question that I have is
if California is the one that ruled that
you know this shouldn't be done can the
federal government just say it should be
done and then they do it is is that how
anything
works or here's the fun part what I
wonder is is the country so beaten up by
ridiculous government that if Trump says
anything of Common Sense and puts it
into an executive order nobody's going
to push back
is that possible because who who wants
to sue them sue him to prove that fish
over people is a better idea I don't is
there somebody who wants to take a run
at that now by the way there will there
are going to be all kinds of lawsuits on
all the executive orders but I don't
think they're necessarily going to be on
the ones that are pure common sense like
people over fish so I wonder if as long
as he stays with something that no
reasonable person could argue with he
can just say do this as long as it's
transparent and you know if if it gets
challenged in the courts and he respects
the Court's decision I'm kind of fine
with it so I would I would prefer that
he goes a little too far in executing
his power as long as it's transparent
and as long as it's challengeable in a
court and it is so yeah the leadership I
want is all the common sense you can
give me and we'll work out the details
later let's just start moving on Common
Sense and and see how far it gets
us so besides people over fish he ended
Dei in government which I hope uh just
becomes impossible for corporations to
keep their Dei when the government says
it's illegal and gets rid of theirs I
just don't know how the corporations can
take the risk in the long term so I
think they're going to fold uh Trump
said there are only two genders so it
used to be that there are two sex
which is mostly about your DNA and your
your your stuff um but people would say
yes but regardless of my physicality my
mind is the other gender and Trump just
said nope there's two now I have mixed
feelings about this mixed feelings but a
strong opinion that he's he's on strong
territory to do it but my mixed opinion
is I do think there are a lot of trans
folks who are in
you know a sensitive
situation and I don't like being
disrespectful but on the other hand
given the total number of trans people
in the world and the massive amount of
complications having more than two Sexes
causes to society in
general and i' I'd love to see the trans
people have the bathroom that makes them
feel comfortable with without without
violating the executive order so I I
wish there was some
a little more attention to maybe private
bathrooms at least one at least one
private bathroom for you know every
large office building you know if you
had to go to a if you had to go down a
floor to use the bathroom it wouldn't be
the worst problem right so I do think a
little bit of
accommodation which we do anyway for you
know handicapped people although
obviously this is not the same as
handicap
um but I also agree
I agree that the many many different
genders thing is almost certainly more
about mental
health uh but I wouldn't lump everybody
in the same basket I think that's too
far there there's got to be special
cases where people are just hey I'm
unique not like other people so I'd like
to see some accommodation but not the
accommodation of imagining that there
are lots of different Sexes or genders
so I'm on board with this one um I'm
just acknowledging that not everything's
free you know so sometimes these are
good for most of us but bad for some of
us and I think that needs to be pointed
out even if you're sure that it's the
right decision which I
am he uh Trump ended Birthright
citizenship which will cause a lot of
screaming and the Democrats will forget
to mention that no country except us has
it and they'll say but it but but it's
right here in the they're already saying
it's right here written in the
Constitution but of course the
Constitutional Scholars will tell you
that's not what it meant that the you
know the originalist will say but that's
not the reason it's there it's not so
people can put one foot in America and
have a baby and it's an American that's
not the point of it so I don't know if
that'll
stand
but uh I agree with it um the government
is no longer going to be involved in
censoring Free Speech which would be
pressuring pressuring uh social media
companies as well as funding external
entities that are mostly de pressure of
the same same social media and other
people so that's good and I feel a
tremendous weight lifted by that I'm
pretty sure that the anti-free speech
people are a big part of what took me
down uh he's withdrawing from the World
Health Organization pointing out that
China pays much less per capita than we
do and uh you might see that as a
negotiation the the way Trump set it up
uh I think that's just his first offer
his first offer is how about zero money
and we'll do without you wait wait wait
we don't need hundreds of millions maybe
we only need 40 million from you and
then Trump will say huh well that's you
know that's closer to what China pays
but you know China is much bigger in
population and health is about you know
individual health so we should pay you
know like a fourth of what China pays
and then they'll be somewhere in the
middle so I feel like this is just
perfect Trump am I am I sure that we
should pull out at the World Health
Organization well I'm sure I don't want
to pay for
it if if there's something valuable that
I don't know about that Trump can get
for $40 million or 20 million
instead of hundreds of million
yeah maybe
revisit better make a better offer
meanwhile the Gulf of uh Mexico was re
will be renamed to the Gulf of America
now there's a rumor online that I don't
believe that there was a clever way to
get around the fact that there's some
kind of existing ban on Drilling in the
Gulf of Mexico so the rumor goes and I'm
not buying this at all the rumor goes
that Chang the name of it would allow
everybody to drill there because then
they're not drilling in the Gulf of
Mexico now I'm no
lawyer but I can't see that possibly
holding up in court when everybody knows
what the Gulf of Mexico means and
changeing the name won't make any
difference so it's a it's a fun Rumor
for people who don't know how anything
works but the way anything works is no
the band was still hold it's not tied to
the name it's tied to the location not
the name
um Trump's ordering the federal workers
back to the office because almost all of
them work at home since the pandemic now
have you ever wondered why why is he
ordering them back so ordering them back
is going to lower their take-home pay
because they have to commute it's going
to make their day terrible because they
have to
commute uh they might have to get um
child care because they have to commute
they might need to board their dog
because they have to
commute
and are they necessarily doing less work
at home than they would have in the
office
maybe but here's what so Elon Musk
described it as it's only fair because
the people who have manufacturing jobs
and you know blue color stuff every they
all go to work so his sense of fairness
says everybody has has a job should' go
to the office go to work now that
doesn't make sense to me and I I really
don't follow that logic everybody has to
go to the office
but here's what I think might be
happening cats on the
roof right let's rank the best situation
in the world to worst the best situation
in the world would be not only to have a
job but one you could work at home if
you like working at home and apparently
the federal workers do the best case
working at home nice job second best
nice job but you have to go to the
office below that no
job do do you see the cat in the roof
The Cat In The Roof is when you you
gradually give somebody the bad news um
no uh what what do you mean fire you now
we're just saying uh you should work in
the office like other people then people
will come into the office and they'll be
like I hate this job I hate this job and
then you can watch which ones are
productive because they're closer and
you can figure out who to fire because
you can just directly observe whether
they're working or not so I think
bringing them in the office is step one
to figuring out which ones to
fire
um that would be my guess so I think
it's cats on the
roof and let's see what
else um
so part of the executive orders were
freeing almost all of the January 6ers
there's a big controversy because some
of them weren't released last night now
there's some question about which ones
will be re uh released today but I think
we're in serious fog of War territory
there my guess is that it was just an
MLK Day short staffing it's nighttime
people went home they just had to wait
till today so I think that waiting till
today was probably the the solution I
hope because keeping them in jail one
more night after they knew that they
would be freed is is just unforgivable
to me um but he did not pardon 100% of
them which means that there was some
consideration to the special damage that
some people did I assume but he did he
did free two people who had very long
sentences the head of the oathkeepers
head of the proud boys so they were both
found guilty of seditious conspiracy and
other offenses seditious conspiracy I
think one of them wasn't even at the
event but was considered a planner or
something
um so let's watch that today what should
happen today is non-stop happy stories
of watching somebody get out and being
reunited
Etc um I I I hope we're close to the
what looks like the end of one of the
darkest periods in American history I I
don't think this is as bad as Roosevelt
rounding up Japanese Americans during
World War II it'd be hard to match that
but it's up there like it's in the same
conversation it's not the same
level but in terms of dark periods in
the United States you know you got your
slavery number
one uh you know you you could list a
bunch of others but you know the
rounding up of the Japanese American
citizens was a dark period and uh the
January 6 stuff is really dark history
will not be kind to this and they will
be kind to Trump for for ending their
their
suffering
um
so Trump shut down the uh the app that
um that the migrants use and I guess
that's to make sure that they're not
comfortable and happy and finding jobs
in the United States and that it's sort
of the first indication of you're going
home that's a little bit cats on the
roof too little if your app just shut
down you might be going home so maybe
you should arrang it on your own it' be
easier so uh Trump created a uh declared
a national emergency at the border um I
think the military will be down there
for some purpose I don't know which
purposes exactly the cartels have been
labeled terrorists here again Mike Ben
has some context and he he wonders aloud
on X uh how many basically how many CIA
people will be part of part of who we're
fighting now because the cartels are
presumed to be on our team meaning the
intelligence people meaning that the
elected members of the government might
not even be aware of How deep the sea C
connections are with the cartels because
if the CIA wants to control the
government in some of these countries
below the Border if the cartel owns the
government the only way you're going to
do it is have some kind of quidd pro
Crow quid
proquo U situation with the cartels you
know like we we'll let you do a little
bit of evil but you have to let us have
a little bit of control over the
government that sort of thing so we
might find out we might be surprised
when we start cracking down in the
cartels and I think the first thing yeah
so we we'll see how many surprises that
turns up um and then Trump pulled out of
the Paris climate agreement everybody
expected
that and uh there are a bunch of other
ones I didn't see every single one but
those are some of the fun ones the
executive orders
but in the midst of all this you know
good productive provocative
change the Democrats when they're not
making up new hoaxes and by the way I
have some uh I have some suggestions if
you're a
republican from today until the end of
Trump's term I recommend that you not
raise one hand alone above your
waist yeah so if you're going to do it
you should you should go like
this or or whenever you need if you're
going to if you're going to reach for
something on a high shelf you normally
you just use one hand you'd be like this
don't do that anymore use both hands
together if even if it's just one can
even if you're only in your kitchen
because you don't know you're you might
have a teen who's got a phone gotcha
Nazi so never raise one hand alone uh
above your waist for the next four years
after that you're fine but for four
years just just keep it down and uh you
know use that second hand no matter how
small the task is if you're going to
wave to somebody uh I I recommend doing
it like Tim Walls uh like a like a weird
clown that was my impression of Tim
woles uh because that doesn't look at
all like see Kyle but never ever for
four years don't lift one arm above the
other you'll get R hard
hard but despite the fact that
Republicans had one of the best days
anybody's ever had in their whole life
yesterday um the hill has a climate
change
article that we should stop all our
fossil fuels now it's an opinion piece
and that climate change drove the LA and
Lina of
fires is it just me or does that feel
like traveling into the past you know
how time gets dilated and distorted
under Trump and and I I had trouble
remembering that the inauguration was
only
yesterday because we had at least a
month worth of things happened yesterday
so I was kind of thinking it was already
February is this February so much has
happened but it also distorted my sense
of the ridiculous because when
everything's just sort of percolating
and you know there's a ridiculous thing
every now and then but then there's some
real things and stuff but after
after watching a solid packed day of
trump just nailing everything and just
having the best day ever I opening up
the hill and seeing somebody write about
climate change closing the fires which
is totally debunked I I don't think any
smart people believe that it it doesn't
just seem wrong anymore it seems dated
doesn't it it it just doesn't seem like
something you should say in
2025 because it's so debunked so dumb
it it just I didn't read it of course
because it's
ridiculous but I'll tell you it my mind
has changed about what's a reasonable
argument and what should have been
retired 20 years ago and this one should
have been retired 20 years
ago all right we don't know what Trump's
going to do with his big infrastructure
announcement today he's going to
announce some big set of plans like I
said I hope it has something to do with
the recovery in the the areas in the
country that need some recovery right
away but I wouldn't I wouldn't rule
out that he's going to offer through
Elon Musk uh full internet access to
everybody who doesn't have it so if you
really wanted to dunk on Biden who Biden
refused to use the much cheaper and
immediately available starlink to get uh
rural access to the internet which is
one of Biden's promises he had he had a
solution way cheaper than what they were
planning and instead of using that he
just couldn't take help from Elon Musk
but Trump can so Trump can
solve rural access to
Internet in one day now the
implementation will take as long as it
takes them to get a to get a uh a
starling device and just hook it
up now if it's if it's for Rural people
who are low income that might require
you know the government buying them but
that that budget should already exist
from Biden's
days anyway
um so that's
happening uh the big question will be
how can Trump pay for his big Ideas so I
do like the external Revenue Service but
the numbers still don't add up you know
he's not going to be able to put a
trillion dollars into the infrastructure
when we don't have a trillion dollars so
so big question for me is how you going
to pay for that can you make it pay for
itself um so let's talk about Trump and
Ukraine Putin says he's he's happy that
um Trump seems to be interested in
having direct dialogue with him because
I didn't even know this but the Biden
administration had cut off contact with
Putin you know because of the war but
but Trump won't war no war he's going to
say you want to meet as only Trump can
and Putin's already said yeah I want to
talk now here's what to look for if
there were if there were an obvious way
to end the war it would have already
happened so whatever it takes to end
this war will be a non-obvious thing
that's what Trump does best Trump is the
the king of non-obvious outside the box
thinking and unusual
Solutions and sometimes the outside the
box unusual stuff is just to get all our
heads spinning until he tells you what
we're going to do so sometimes it's
persuasion sometimes it's just brilliant
negotiating
um
so here's what's on the table and I
think this is from the
um so I think there was some talk that
there would be an offer coming that as
long as uh that Ukraine would agree to
not join NATO
for at least 20
years now I've told you that sometimes
the way you solve these big unsolvable
negotiations is to put something off so
the thing they cared about was the NATO
thing and the offer is to put it off for
20
years now I don't think anything will be
the same in 20
years it's actually a better offer than
it looks like now it's possible that
Putin can't accept it because it would
look like he's agreeing to NATO and
Ukraine and there's no way that's going
to feel right or sell right in his
country and it would be a risk he
doesn't need to take if he can make it
go some other
way
so um here's what I think I think it was
a good offer it was a good negotiating
ploy to say what about 20 years because
that gives you you know a sense of where
his head is
at the way he
[Music]
responds but here's uh let me let me add
a kicker to it now this is more by way
of explaining what outside the box looks
like this is not a real suggestion all
right so this is not a real suggestion
just an example of outside the box
suppose they said all right how about
instead of 20 years and Ukraine joins in
20 years either Russia or Ukraine will
join now what did that do to your head
imagine Trump saying that he's not going
to say I don't recommend it but what if
he said all right how about this instead
of in 20 years Ukraine becomes nato in
20 years it will be either Ukraine or or
Russia because if Russia can show in 20
years that it would be a good addition
to Nato and I don't know why I don't
know who they'd be fighting
right if Russia joins NATO that that's
so outside the box that I don't even
know how to think about it it's like
well then who are they fighting that
would be the same as dismantling NATO
wouldn't it like what would be the point
do they really need some protection
against
China I mean I don't think so they seem
pretty happy with their border as it is
so anyway I think you're going to see
here's my only prediction about that I
think you're going to see the Trump team
get more
creative than you expected there's going
to be something something about the
offer that can an Trump or his team that
you're going to say to yourself whoa
okay didn't see that
coming so the creativity is going to be
through the roof that that'll be the fun
part and I think you'll get it
done the is definitely an of Doge um
he's going to go run for uh governor of
Ohio as I said before I think that's a
good decision for person with the young
family Who's Got Roots in Ohio
and I hope that works out for him now
does it hurt Doge well if the reason
he's leaving and this is rumors I don't
know what is true here but the rumors
are that it was just hard to have two
bosses you know it's hard for a vake and
Elon to be co- bosses you can see that
right it doesn't matter how capable
either one of them is
individually they're not really the two
guys who want a
co-boss and you can imagine that you
Elon has such um completely unique
approaches to things you can't really
merge that with anything else because
anybody else you asked no matter how
smart is going to say you maybe you
shouldn't do that take for example when
Elon went to Old Twitter and got rid of
what 80% of the staff you tell me what
normal person of any intelligence would
have heard that and said that's a good
idea idea yeah just get rid of 80% like
just do it in a week or so you tell me
that any normal person would have said
yes to that I don't think so I think no
person would have said yes to that but
he got it done and you could go right
down the line tell me the smart person
who told them it was a good idea to
start a rocket company
tomorrows probably
nobody but it worked same with the car
company you know you can go down the
line so if if you have somebody whose
main benefit is that he's operating on a
level where even smart people can't tell
that he's doing it right or wrong you
can't really have another smart person
in the mix because they're just going to
be they're going to be
friction to what musk seems to do that
seems magic to us but there's a
consistency to it where you trust that
you can figure it out on your
behalf so at first I was quite
disappointed that vake would be off Doge
because I think doge is the number one
most important thing uh and I think that
you want your best people on it but I
think musk will probably create a
structure in which the best people is
him and the people he's personally
picked that that feels like that's going
to be the the only way to get it done
maybe all right uh I heard this
yesterday um so a user on X called
Matthew kobach
he said I have a coworker who coaches
high school girls volleyball and this
weekend she showed all the girls were
crying uh he said all the girls were
crying over the ticktock ban and then
when it was
reinstated uh she heard them say I don't
know anything about politics but I know
I like
Trump now I say this because one of the
things you just assume that's just a
given in politics is that California
could never turn red
can never turn Republican I mean it was
Republican under Reagan but we think at
this point there's no way it's you no
way it's ever going back I
disagree I
disagree it if Trump did something and
I'm not saying he will but if he did
something to make sure that California
had energy and water and we didn't and
we had uh fire
insurance and he's already done
something that gives us more water
people over a fish he probably has a
take on how to handle the insurance that
we haven't heard yet I hope so I don't
know what it would be and maybe it's a
national urgency to have nuclear power
in California maybe there's a way you
can make the federal government just
force it and force California to have
sufficient energy when we're managing
ourselves to have insufficient energy um
do you know the SEI Valley has had
six extended power outages because of
fires six of them in 3 months can you
imagine living in just an American
modern American suburb and you lose
power six times and I'm talking about
all day and in multiple days six times
in three months now it's not all year
round right but this isn't even Fire
season it's not even Fire
season six times in three months
come on so here's what I think about
most things we often think things are
really locked in like you know no way
California will ever be read under
normal circumstances that would be
right every time but Trump is not a
normal circumstance if there's any way
he can help us and what I'd love is have
some kind of Zar to figure out how how
to solve our hardest problems you know
how do you build and get approval how do
you get enough water how do you get
enough energy that that works when the
wind blows real basic stuff if Trump can
help on that you're going to be real
surprised because I think California is
going to be like these volleyball girls
and they're going to say I don't know
much about
Trump but he kept the lights on and he
got me fire
insurance and we have
water if he does those three three
things and I'm not predicting he will by
the way I'm not predicting he will
although he's already done something
with water there probably is more that
needs to be done but if he could do
those things I predict California could
go red because I think we're done I
think the state just said we like being
Democrats but forget this you know you
you're going to have to and I don't know
that we can vote out the people in there
because I think the I think California
is too corrupt to fix with voting so
something needs to happen more like a
almost like a federal takeover to just
correct things and then step back I
don't know if that's ever been done but
if you want to know what the locals feel
like I'd love to see a survey on that if
there's anybody in the surveying
business polling I'd love to see would
you be in favor of the federal
government just taking control to just
fix the intractable problems and then
return turn control because I don't
think there's any risk there's no risk
that the federal government wants to
turn the state into the next DC where
the federal government has some control
I I don't think they want it so I don't
think there's any risk oh it'll stay
federally controlled forever no it won't
because nobody wants it the federal
doesn't want it Trump doesn't want it
California doesn't want it but we
desperately need an adult to come in and
fix what apparently our politicians
can't fix so if you think California
can't turn red I would agree with you 99
out of 100
times Trump is the one he's the
one so we'll
see anyways according to sa Post article
by Eric Dolan uh according to Tik Tok
research somebody did some research on
using Tik Tok short videos are linked to
lower academic
performance so there was a Chinese
Academy of Sciences they they did this
study so short video
content um gives you more
difficulty um more difficulty paying
attention and then related to that there
was a
school that tested getting rid of the
phones and the kids who agreed to get
rid of their apps and their phones at
least during school they didn't get rid
of the whole phone but they didn't have
it with them in school and they didn't
use the apps at any time so they just
deleted the apps that drive you crazy
that they they got sub stantially better
grades but I have to wonder is a little
bit backwards science is it do you think
that the the lower IQ is correlated with
more use of video and do you think that
the high agency people the people who
can succeed no matter what obstacle you
put in front of them don't you think
they're less impacted by the videos than
the people who are low agency and just
get hiptized after the first one no so
there's a little bit of a selection bias
there and with the school that got rid
of their phones it wasn't everybody so
you had to volunteer to be in the group
that would Vol voluntarily delete their
apps and voluntarily have their phones
locked up during the school day don't
you think the group that volunteered for
it are already the Smart Ones but that
doesn't explain the full effect because
uh they measured the average of the
school and it went way up
so that argues against it being rever
you know backward science that uh if the
average went up it doesn't matter that
some of them were selected self-
selected because the average went up so
that that's if it really went up and
apparently it went up a lot that's a
pretty good argument pretty good
argument for getting rid of phones in
schools uh meanwhile according to Fox
News Landon Mayan is reporting that the
Coast Guard commandant I assume that's
the
the top uh top position in the Coast
Guard was terminated over poor
performance but also focusing too much
on
Dei I don't know how much the Dei Parts
mattered but
um it's part of the
story so it looked like she didn't get
things done that she was supposed to get
done but on top of it you know you've
got the Dei Focus which makes that look
like it could be one of the reasons she
didn't get things done but it's not
directly it's not directly
linked um she was
61 still is
61 meanwhile in a story that doesn't
seem that important but it is uh over at
there's a robot making company ubtech
that's partnering with foxcon in China
and the robot is going to start
assembling
iPhones so I don't know what that means
exactly because assembly an iPhone is a
whole bunch of people doing different
steps so I assume the robot would do the
simplest Parts you know maybe maybe
restocking the parts at the assembly
line or something what I don't imagine
because the story is a little vague I
don't imagine the robots little fingers
are putting the things together in the
phone the part that the human usually
does I don't feel like they're there yet
so they might be doing everything except
that last stick these two things
together and put them in this little
case just
guessing but to me the big thing is uh
big thing in robots and Manufacturing is
when the robot itself can design and
build a manufacturing plant with other
robots um you might know that the reason
the United States doesn't have
manufacturing is not only because it's
cheaper in other countries and we
exported it that's how it got there but
if we tried to build a manufacturing
plant in the United States who would you
call who would who would you call to
design a manufacturing plant turns out
that in China that's like a whole it's a
whole College discipline so they've
trained just tons of people who if you
went to them and said Engineers if you
went to them and said we need a factory
that builds a robot or a drone or
anything that engineer would say I can
do that and it would get together with
the other people who know how to build
factories and they would build a factory
for something that's never existed
before and they can do it over and over
again because they have a whole industry
trained to do that we don't have that so
if we're going to get it I have two
suggestions we either steal all the
people from Germany who know how to do
it because Germany's in bad shape there
might be a lot of German Engineers who
want a better job just take all the
German Engineers who not know how to
build a manufacturing plant and just say
I got an offer for you because we need
that skill over here here and if you
speak English and we speak English you
got a job so until at least until we
build that industry up
ourselves um if we can't do that then
I'd love to see the robots be able to
design it and you know put together a
robot Force and and construct that thing
because if we can get to the point where
we can manufacture anything and we can
put together the manufacturing plant
kind of quickly that'd be quite a
superpower
all
right I also think we need a
manufacturing Zone in the United States
has that ever been kicked around like
the idea would be to pick uh one area
that's underutilized so there's not much
there and is close enough to all good
Transportation so maybe that means I
don't know being near the water being
near airports and water uh but you pick
the place and you say all right this uh
I don't know 100 by 100 miles by 100
miles area we're going to not have the
same level of uh government
bureaucratic stuff so if you want to
build it if you want to build a factory
here you can get the whole thing
approved you know in one day something
like that because I it's going to take a
long time to fix the existing systems I
think we' better better off just
creating a manufacturing zone now the
risk there's a big one is if we ever had
an attack on the
Homeland the manufacturing Zone might
become like an easy target or something
but
um if if there's an attack of that kind
on the Homeland we got bigger problems
in
manufacturing so I'm not sure that that
we should we should design around that
all right uh in other scary AI news
according to Computer World AI can now
predict how well you do on your in your
career by looking at your
face that's right AI can just look at
your face and it can determine with
unusual Precision you not 100% of course
but way better than guessing it can
determine whether you'll be
successful now how many of you can do
that most of you most of you could look
in the face and and determine how
successful will be
I'm pretty sure I can now I'm not going
to get everyone
right right it if I looked at Joy
Reed I would never guess you would be a
host of a major TV
show so I would get that one wrong every
time I would look at her and say oh
she's crazy she'd be lucky if she could
get any job but
no I would not have guessed that she
could do so
well which is good for her by the way
good job on her part
um but we're in big trouble we're in big
trouble if AI can tell you who's going
to succeed by looking at
faces you know what I
mean do you have any idea how much
trouble that would be because somebody
comes in for a job interview and the AI
decides that they're one of the people
who probably can't succeed because
they're a face what are you as a human
going to do when the odds are 75%
that the computer's
right I don't know I think we're going
start relying on
faces to determine who's going to be
successful but it might work that's the
weird part it might work you might
actually higher better if you're just
determining it by their
faces but that would create a situation
where some people would do plastic
surgery just to beat the
AI so if AI saw people the way their
faces natur looked would it make a
different decision than if it saw how
they looked before they got the nose
job
maybe so people would try to beat the
system with plastic surgery that's
coming anyway apparently Trump officials
according to the
telegraph Matthew field is writing that
the Trump Administration is going to get
some kind of briefing on the upcoming
super agent AI you know the advanced
intelligence that we don't have now you
know it's about what's coming that chat
GPT says is Coming Sam mman I think is
going to be doing the briefing but this
would be the secret behind the curtain
stuff about what open AI knows is coming
really fast but we don't yet know but
it's so important that the government
needs to know right away because there's
a homeland security issue that's
enormous um we'll see how that
goes uh meanwhile Amazon you may wonder
why it's uh its agent which I call Alex
IA but don't want to say it and activate
your devices that that device is still
sort of dumb so it doesn't have ai
worked into it yet and the reason is
they can't make it work and the reason
they can't make it work is that there's
something about AI That's
unsolvable so far which is
hallucinations so we've talked about
this before but if you're Amazon and
somebody says can you give me a link to
the you know to buy a close cloth hamper
it can't give you a link to the wrong
thing because you'll just stop using it
right away so the hallucinations even if
you can get them down to not that often
it's still going to be way too often for
a proper user interface so I like the
Amazon and I've said this a million
times but Amazon is the most impressive
user
interface software development company
I've ever seen you know there was a time
when I would have said that was Apple
but I think Apple's lost a little bit of
their user interface magic and Amazon
because you don't ever think about the
the
interface is unbelievably good the the
fact that you can just go on there and
you know it'll work and you can buy
something in 10 seconds allows you to
say I have 10 seconds so I'll buy
something I mean you can't beat that
that's like as good as it an interface
could be if you say I can get in and get
something done in 10 seconds and you can
it's it's amazing so given the level of
talent at Amazon which I think might be
the best in the world right now for non-
aai stuff but uh you know you know
they're going to have good AI people too
if they say it's not good
enough that's interesting because
they're also saying they don't know how
to solve
it
but there's a bigger there's a bigger
issue it's bigger than
AI because have you noticed that H the
reason we have a word for what the AI is
doing the hallucinations is because it's
something that people do people have
hallucinations um certainly the people
who think that Elon Musk gave a Nazi
salute are hallucinating they they're
experiencing a reality that's not
happening in your reality certainly not
happening in mine so humans
hallucinate or you could call it a false
memory or you could call it a narrative
or a false
interpretation but we do it all the time
we just are so used to it that we don't
notice it and if you ask hey how often
do people hallucinate meaning every kind
of false memory and misinterpretation
most people say well I mean it happens
but I mean not often it's never happened
to
me but it's the opposite it happens to
all of us every day all the time it's
our most common your most common
experience is hallucination your false
memories your memories are not real
they're just artificially generated when
you need them speaking of which are you
aware that the Nobel Prize winner got
the Nobel Prize by proving that things
don't exist until they're
observed do you know what that means
things don't exist until they're
observed that's considered now a
scientific fact Nobel Prize winner just
recently if things don't exist until
they're
observed what happens if you start
digging a hole in your backyard where
nobody's ever observed what's in the
hole and you keep going down further and
further and literally nobody's ever
observed what's
there according to science it appears
for the first time as you're digging
your hole that's actually corre me if
I'm wrong but I think that's established
Science Now based on the Nobel Prize
winner so you know what's in that hole
is your
history and if the history is created on
demand there's no such thing as history
it's literally just created as a
hallucination but your brain keeps them
consistent enough that you think you
actually learn something about the
past so I believe that our real it as
human
beings the hallucinations are required
because there'd be no way you could keep
all of our histories
consistent it would be impossible to
take billions of people and have all
their Memories the same as all the other
people all their interpretations the
same as other people but only sometimes
only sometimes it glitches a little
which is what you think is happening
only sometimes kind of a rare thing I'm
sure it's never happened to me no it's
all the time everywhere all the people
your history is being created on demand
we know that you're living in a
simulation and the reason that the
reason that AI hallucinates is it's
based on human beings as long as as long
as the base reality of human beings is
hallucinating all the time if you train
a machine to be like a human it's going
to hallucinate and I don't see a way
around that I just don't see a way
around it
so I don't know maybe there's some way
to tie together a separate program that
checks the ai's the ai's output for a
hallucination maybe you know but that's
a hack you know it's a work around so I
don't know I don't think you're ever
going to get rid of them because it's
based on people and we live in a
simulation
um and that's a exactly how I'm going to
end the
show keep you thinking all right golden
AG is on track I'm going to say hi to
the local subscribers separately now
thanks for joining
everybody uh another big show lots lots
of people live I appreciate every time
you come in and uh boy are we going to
have some fun we're going to have some
fun all right locals coming at you
privately in 30 seconds everybody El see
you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e