[Music]
hello everybody come on in here what a
great day Sun is out at least where I am
and that means it's an excellent morning
for coffee with Scott Adams and a little
thing I call the simultaneous sip so
while you're filing in and finding your
seats getting ready fill your cups your
mugs your glasses could be a tankard
stein chalice might be a thermos could
be a flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit that's gonna
make your whole day good it goes like
this
good stuff all right thank you for
joining me on that we've got interesting
and fun stories I always like waking up
and reading interesting and fun stories
I remember a time when the news was
usually bad news but no more now the
news is mostly entertaining news even
the stuff that seems like it's really
bad is I know we have to we have to
stretch a little bit to make it seven
bad here's what is in the news first of
all let me talk a little bit more about
the president's new slogan for 2020
which unless it changes it could change
but the idea is Keep America great
versus make America great again now the
problem with make America great again is
that it made people say hey what do you
mean again do you want to take it back
to segregationist times is that what
you're talking about when it was great
hey you must be racist
so make America great again while it was
the single best political slogan of all
time it had a really serious weakness
that people could say hey the past
wasn't so good why do you want to do
that
Keep America great fixes that problem
because you know what people can't say
they can't say I don't want to go back
to today yeah you don't have to go back
at all if you like low unemployment for
the african-american community you if
you like women
succeeding even better than men in
college for example if you like all the
stuff that we have right now you might
want to keep it now I want to mention a
important concept in persuasion and this
has been tested many times science is
pretty clear on this point your human
brain will put more importance on
keeping things you already have compared
to maybe getting something new that you
don't have so as much as we like to get
new stuff we like to get new money we'd
like to acquire things we love all that
stuff but we don't love it as much and
it's not even close to how much we don't
want to lose the things we already have
now this can be a little tricky because
people said to me well Reagan beat Jimmy
Carter and you know the point the
country wasn't falling apart then why
weren't people afraid of losing what we
had under Carter and the answer is that
people didn't see what we had under
Carter as a good thing to keep the
economy was weak the you know patriotism
was flagging a little bit and no pun
intended and so generally speaking when
things are going poorly you take on the
risk that's always the smart thing to do
when things are going poorly you can
inject some risk because the risk of
doing nothing means you just keep going
in the wrong direction so it's actually
a riskier to do nothing if things are
going in the wrong way so when Trump ran
against Hillary Clinton he made the case
that he made the case that things
weren't going well so you didn't have
anything to lose in fact when he talked
to the african-american community he
said basically what the hell do you got
to lose
things are going that well so that was a
very very strong argument for a change
but once you've got your president in
there and he's got some track record and
the country is doing well even if you
think the reason is because Obama gave
us a strong economy whatever the reason
is things are going well and now the
stronger argument is if it ain't broke
don't fix it in fact that statement if
it ain't broke don't fix it it would be
a real strong campaign slogan if it were
not sort of it a little tired saying
because the sense of it is things are
going well you don't make a change when
things are going well you don't change
your horse when your horse is halfway
across the stream and doing great
alright so I would say that the
president has once again correctly found
exactly the right sweet spot for
persuasion in his slogan and I don't
know how many times he has to do this
before people get that it's not luck
this isn't luck this is skill this is
the highest level of branding skill
you've ever seen bar none I mean there's
nobody close
there's nobody in his category and I
think a lot of it is just sort of a
natural talent that he can tell that
Keep America grade is a better deal
now I'm not gonna say he's gonna keep
this slogan he might revise it you know
it's everything's an a/b test if it
doesn't go well maybe not it doesn't
have a great acronym but in terms of
persuasion perfection it's exactly where
it needs to be make people afraid of
losing what they've already gotten
that's the strongest persuasion lever
all right let's talk about something
else
talk about reparations here's the topic
that will make your head spin
first of all pretty much everything
you're seeing on the topic of
reparations so far if you're watching
Fox News is just all wrong it's just all
fake news reporting on the talk why do I
say that the reason I say that is
because this is what's happening
the people talking about reparations say
let's have a conversation about
reparations we don't know what that's
going to look like but what is not going
to look like we agree what is not going
to look like is that the people who are
not african-american are writing checks
to simply give money to the people who
are african-american and have some
legacy of slavery
so the people talking about reparations
say that's not the plan that's not what
we're trying to do we're trying to have
a conversation and to see if there's
some some way to make any kind of a
change that people would agree on so
then you turn on fox news and fox news
will say how can you say you want to
make the people who were not slave
owners and weren't even here our
families were not even here during
reparations why should we pay for it and
the reparations person will say we're
not even talking about that and five
minutes later you're next Fox News host
will say how could it be fair to give a
check from people who weren't to blame
to people who were descendants from
people who are already dead how could
that be fair and the reparations people
will say again nobody's even talking
about that
so be aware that almost everything you
see on this topic is fake news but let
me tell you the real news as best I
understand it first of all I watched
some of the hearing I watched a good
deal of it actually the the opening
speeches and I gotta tell you there's a
strong case to be made for reparations
now when I said that what did most of
you just think I just said there's a
strong case for reparations
I'll bet 70% of you just said what do
you mean you can't tell people who were
not involved with slavery to write a
check to people who are not we're not
even live then no nobody's talking about
writing a check I'm not talking about
writing a check you're not talking about
writing a check and you can see in the
comment
right people have gone a little boy oh
boy this is this is moving some stuff
from me to you I don't want any of this
there's nothing you can say to me that's
gonna make anything preparations are a
good idea watch me change your mind
you're ready dude how many of you think
I could change your mind
in the next few minutes on the topic of
whether reparations are a good idea or a
bad idea none of you right wouldn't you
say that none of you think there's
anything I could say in the next few
minutes that would change your mind on
it you think that right let's see you
give me five minutes
probably less let's just say number one
listening to the the people who know the
most about the history etc including
let's say Sheila jackson-lee and
including listening to Cory Booker I
listen to both of their little speeches
ahead of it you know ahead of the
hearings and they were really good
really really good and I'll tell you
what I liked about them they educated me
about you know when you think about
slavery it's the easy to have this
sanitized version that you learned when
you were in school because when you're
in school you don't learn the bad stuff
when you're in school you learn that
slavery existed and that was bad and
they they died and maybe the they were
punished for things you say you learned
a lot of the bad stuff but you don't
really learn the bad stuff you don't you
don't learn that rape was literally a
tool of controlling the slaves you don't
learn that you don't learn the really
bad stuff so when you get a taste of
this it's good to remember it now the
first thing I'd say is that if you look
at say the way Israel has weaponized the
Holocaust now I think we'd all agree
that the Holocaust is were saying you
know one of the worst things if not the
worst thing that ever happened in the
entire world but there are plenty of
other you know horrible human events
that are on the same scale but we don't
really talk about them so they're not
weaponized they don't help the people
or alive today because they're stories
they're sort of disappearing Israel's
very smart there's a there's power in
the story of the Holocaust and so they
keep it alive and use it as an asset
which has a real advantage for Israel I
think it's smart that they do that and
has it has power what I see is that the
the folks who were talking about
reparations are trying to do some
version of that in other words they're
trying to raise our awareness how much
we care about it how much we think about
it
is that good it might be it's definitely
good for the people who might want to
weaponize that for some kind of
negotiating etc so the first thing I'll
say is that we're a democracy or a
democratic like system or Republic and I
always respect it when people are doing
a good job persuading on something
that's a real thing you know they're
nothing they're not making it up there
really was the horror of slavery they're
educating us I'm ok with that
so so far I'm okay with the conversation
here's the party you don't know and
here's the clever part when the folks
who are who are pushing this are talking
about they're talking about forming a
committee to talk about it here's how I
think this is gonna go it seems to me
that reparations as a topic won't go
away but there are two problems with it
you can't do it because anything that we
talk about in terms of doing it is so
unfair to other people you just can't
get there it's a non-starter at the same
time you can't not you can't stop
talking about it so you have something
that's hanging over us that you can't
fix it's the worst possible situation a
terrible problem unfixable so but it
looks to me like there are some very
smart people involved with this or not
say exactly what it is that they're
trying to do if you read between the
lines this looks like what they're
trying to do it looks like they're
trying to finesse the problem that you
have this
problem hanging out there that won't go
away that the way we feel about slavery
and the legacy etc at the same time it
can't possibly be fixed with reparations
or cheques or anything anything obvious
they want an off-ramp so the smart
people are looking for an off-ramp and
if we're smart too we'll let them look
for it I don't know if they can find it
but the process of talking about it is
valuable the fact if you can get you and
I and the people who are you know not
descended from slaves if you and I will
take this conversation seriously we've
made progress we can take you seriously
and then agree with the black community
with every other community once we've
talked it out once we've sort of
educated the public your re-educated
them about the history then and only
then do we have an off-ramp and let me
give you an example if did you ever see
the movie Butch Cassidy and the Sundance
Kid there's the famous opening scene in
that where there's a card game and the
Sundance Kid and Butch Cassidy are there
and the Sundance Kid is a famous
gunfighter he's so fast he'll never lose
a gunfight and somebody accuses him
achieving and the card game and it looks
like they're gonna draw down and there's
going to be death right there at the
card table because Sundance is starting
to talk about you know you should stop
stop accusing me of cheating and you
know and Butch Cassidy is trying to talk
him doubts like don't do it don't do it
you know I do because he noticed that
this other guy's gonna get killed in a
minute so he doesn't want anybody to get
killed and then in the famous line
Sundance says I won't leave unless he
asked me to stay and nobody quite
understands what that means so he has to
sort of repeat it a few times he's
looking at the guy like he's gonna kill
him in a second you know his guns gonna
come out and he's just gonna blow this
guy away
he just says again I won't leave unless
they asked me to stay
and then the guy finally gets it he
understands who this is he realizes it's
a sudden dance kid and they use he's one
second from being dead and the guy says
would you stay and play and the son
Sundance suddenly changes from I'm gonna
kill you at any second - no I gotta go
he takes up his chips and he walks away
it seems to me that the smartest people
in this conversation about rep rep
reparations it looks to me like they're
smarter than then maybe you thought on
the surface and I'm talking about
everybody you know I'm not talking just
about the civil rights leaders types I'm
talking about the Democrats you know the
generic white Democrats were part of
this I think they're creating an
off-ramp very much like the Sundance Kid
they need to have the conversation
before they can say no thank you
do you see it yet you have to have the
conversation before you can say no thank
you
doesn't sound the same now right because
you're thinking about it and you thought
wait a minute that's not exactly the way
this is being reported no it's not
because nobody can say what I just said
nobody can say that this is theater but
really really useful theater this is
theater in the best sense of government
in the best sense of healing I want to
have this conversation I would like I
would like to be a constructive part of
it you know I've already written the
patent I blogged about it I've suggested
that we should do it let me tell you how
you could thread this needle and have
reparations without any reparations are
you ready for this are you ready for me
to tell you how you can have reparations
for slavery at the same time there are
no reparations for slavery can be done
and I think that they're starting to
navigate toward it here it is
this is the hawk Newsome strategy hog
Newsome a leader of black lives matter
in New York once told me one of the
smartest things you'll ever hear he said
that if you help the black community you
can't do it without so I will tell you
without simultaneously helping
everybody's who's in the same situation
doesn't matter your your ethnicity the
only way you can help the black
community you know realistically is in a
way that helps everybody so
hypothetically if the government said
let's do a basket of things that are
really good for people at the lowest
level of the heck of an economic
spectrum well it will do some things to
help them get jobs we'll do some things
to help low income people get to college
better
we'll get them better mentors will help
them be safe will get them fed better
food maybe because nutrition matters
maybe we'll work on wait for it prison
reform which of the things I said are
black specific none none there's not a
single thing I said that is specific to
the african-american community but if
the way we get there yes the way we get
there
to a place where we figured out
collectively an agreeable number of
things we can do for the people who need
the most help if we can agree on that
it's good for everybody the African
American community will be primarily
responsible for getting that done they
will be one of the biggest beneficiaries
just because of the numbers of people
who are in different categories but they
will not be the sole beneficiaries and
it will be good for all now my minimum
requirement for this is that the only
people will pay forward to the rich but
it should be the rich black the rich
white the rich brown rich whatever else
as long as it's the rich not the middle
class but only the rich who are
everybody
lose me if only the rich are paying for
it and it helps everybody it's not
limited to ethnicity but it does help
the black community more because there
might be more of them in a certain
economic strata would you be against
that because it would solve two problems
number one it would help people who were
who need help and number two it would
take the conversation about reparations
off the table and it would make the
black community in this country the
heroes think about that think about
think about the legacy of slavery
evolving all the way through Jim Crow to
you know a better situation to something
that's a lot closer to equality in 2019
don't stop there take it to the next
level take take the the legacy of
slavery all the way through to hero
status if the black community is the
primary mover of this conversation and
what it ends up with is helping white
black brown everybody in the lower
strata best win of all time if that
happens you're going to say Sheila
jackson-lee
is one of the best politicians on the
planet and she would be right so the the
the small number of people who are
pushing this are doing it with nuance
that you don't quite appreciate they
have a better plan that it sounds this
is a really really positive thing that's
being presented as a stupid thing really
I mean if it was just white people write
checks the black people it would be a
stupid thing but that's not going to
happen all right let's stop talking
about that this topic makes people
really uncomfortable you can see it in
the comments people are people are
begging me to change the topic all right
but we will so speaking of this stuff
Joe Biden is now I think he's gone to
zero chance of winning is does anybody
think Joe Biden has any chance of
winning
I thought his odds were low but I think
it's going to zero and the main the main
thing that's changed
this is CNN has turned on and man did
they turn on so Biden the human gaffe
machine he said he says this is the
first sentence on a CNN article about it
right so the first sentence of a CNN
article about anybody tells you their
editorial opinion the rest of the
article might have some facts that sort
of soften it but look for the first
sentence first sentence was this is the
am talking about Biden his campaign
started the day by defending his
nostalgia for a more civil Washington
when getting things done meant working
with segregationists on occasion so
Biden apparently praised his own ability
to get things done in the past saying
that he could work with these two
senators who he named who were famous
for being big ol racists now did Biden
do something wrong well in terms of a
gaffe it was a gaffe so yes it was wrong
in terms of he created a trap and then
he fell into it but did he say anything
wrong that makes him a racist no because
the whole point of it was he could work
with anybody and so he picked two people
who were the best example of the worst
people in the world he said I could even
work with those guys and be civil with
him now maybe that's a bad idea maybe
that doesn't play in 2019 so it was it
was a gaffe probably had to probably you
know put the final nail in his his
attempt so now you see CNN headlines on
their page is all anti Biden it's anti
Biden and then interspersed with G
Elizabeth Warren's looking good Bernie's
falling how about that Elizabeth Warren
huh Elizabeth Warren looks good huh what
about Elizabeth Warren people are saying
good things about her huh Elizabeth
Warren's poll numbers seem to be
improving huh it seems that Elizabeth
Warren has lots of
plans for things people are starting to
get excited about Elizabeth Warren oh oh
by the way Joe Biden keeps making racist
gaffes and we're gonna we're gonna put a
panel together to discuss whether Joe
Biden is out of touch
they're absolutely killing Joe Biden CNN
has turned inviting Mike you've never
seen like if you should look at their
front page today it's hilarious
so or as one of the pundits on CNN said
in a little clip that it feeds the
narrative now whose narrative was this
but it feeds the narrative that there by
bears of another time or an except with
the modern party and as soon as they
start talking about it it becomes the
news right so the more CNN asks a
question the more the question turns
into a fact so I'm just I'm just asking
the question is Biden an end of step
with 2019
just a question what do you think do you
think Biden's Adam step how about you
should we talk about how Biden might be
on the step I'm not saying he is but
let's talk about it's a question and
until they said talk about it until it
just becomes what everybody believes is
true you must be out of touch so it's
clear that they're taking him out
talking about Warren here's another
statement from asan CNN that she has a
plan for everything and people are
craving substance are they are people
craving substance have they ever met
people yeah if there's one thing I know
about people they're not craving
substance that's one thing they're not
craving they're craving a good show
the craving revenge they're craving
money either they're craving sex and
food people crave a lot of stuff but you
know what people never ever crave
political substance the fact that they
would even say that let's see it was
hilarious because nothing could be less
true than that
this gets better oh and let me make a an
overall statement about Biden that is
everything you need to know whoever is
the the candidate for the Democrats
becomes the de-facto will say figurehead
or logo or brand for CNN and MSNBC so
see that in embassy embassy and the
other the other anti-trump news they
start by just talking about these
candidates so at first it's just that
let's talk about Biden we'll talk about
you know these other candidates Buddha
judge had a good week Allah so the
beginning is easy you're just talking
about him but there's some point and and
I wish I had said this ahead of time
because it was easy to predict but now
it's sort of too late so it's not a
prediction it's just something for you
to look at once it becomes clear that
one of them might win or that somebody
pulls out in the polls as Biden did then
instead of just talking about them
they're imagining their future in which
they talk non-stop
about how great Biden is let's say
you're the executives and the on-air
hosts of CNN do you want a year from now
to be spending all your time talking
about how awesome Joe Biden is that's
not a good accessory in other words it
doesn't go good with you doesn't go well
with your clothing doesn't fit your
brand
it's boring TV has somebody saying in
the comments it's a really bad future
and I think that CNN and probably the
rest of the anti trend media has now had
to like live with the imagined future of
a Biden candidacy or worse she had a
Biden presence of presidency and they're
saying he becomes our brand you know
who's good for the brand who was really
good for CNN's brand who was really good
for MSNBC's brand Obama whether you love
Obama
or you dislike Obama that's not the
question right now
the fact is he was pretty cool still is
pretty cool right you could hate him and
all the political reasons you hate him
and you think he's he's the devil
incarnate whatever but he's still cool
he was a cool interesting overachieving
you know surprise came from nowhere
black guy he was cool he's still cool
I'm not a big fan by the way
I'm not a big Obama fan but you can't
separate from the fact pretty cool guy
cool president and so you're CNN and you
say to yourself do I want to associate
with a cool black guy you know he's
young you know you just got a lot going
on in the cool in this area and the
answer is heck yeah heck yeah you want
to associate it with that because that's
cool now imagine they have to live with
old man Biden as their essentially their
mascot for four years oh my god it's
horrible
so it was predictable that they would
have to make a change here's the best
part
I've saving the best part so one of
Sanders top advisers is Simone Sanders
you know her as one of the I don't know
how much she's on CNN lately because
she's taken this role but she was one of
the more prominent pundits on CNN and
she was one who was always calling
President Trump a racist so there are
two just precious
tweets from her this morning she is
responding to the fact that people are
getting on Biden for saying that he
could work with these segregationists so
Simone says in her tweets today at two
tweets first one Joe Biden did not
praise a segregationist that is a
disingenuous take he basically said
sometimes in Congress one has to work
with terrible or downright racist folks
to get things done and then on when when
I'd say that you can't work with them
work around them now Simone's
take on this is a hundred percent
correct a hundred percent correct Joe
Biden is being misinterpreted they are
making something and nothing and then
she correctly says no it's more of a
statement about Joe Biden being able to
work with anybody the whole point is
that there are terrible people he's not
agreeing with him he's calling them
terrible that's the point
he could work with anybody even if
they're terrible so so first part of her
tweet I agree completely but you know
what's funny about it is she's one of
the biggest pushers of the fine people
hoax
she got fine people hoaxed herself this
whole thing about Biden praising a
segregationist never happened it's fake
news she is the biggest pusher of the
fake news about Charlottesville and it
happened to her so karma just gave her
her own fine people hoax and she'll
probably never get out of it
but it gets better there were two parts
to her tweet here's the second part then
said no and Sanders says tweet number
two let's be honest here and that she
goes on to be dishonest she goes let's
be honest here a person currently sits
in the wife's at White House who has in
all capital actually praised white
supremacists that's the fine people hoax
he never did that in fact he condemned
them the very thing she says happened is
the opposite of what happened easy it's
a check just read the read the
transcript she's been pushing this fine
people hoax harder than just about
anybody on CNN and she just got totally
trapped by it so I may have tweeted back
a couple of responses to her you might
want to read those just for your
entertainment let's talk about something
else god that was a delicious story
that's my favorite story of like the
whole month is that she got fighting
people hoax targeted herself that could
not have been more perfect
it just couldn't all right Iran has shot
down a US drone we say it was of
international waters they say it went
over Iran at some point but here's
what's interesting
when when in our history our military
history of Earth how often do you get to
attack something that doesn't have a
human in it attacking somebody's drones
is starting to get really close to a
Star Trek you know with the or the first
Star Trek series on TV plot you know
which one I'm talking about so there's a
futuristic scene in Star Trek in which
they found some planet that was at war
but instead of having a real war where
people were getting killed fighting each
other they would have some kind of a
simulated war in the computer and then
whoever won the simulated war the other
side the losers would have to have their
citizens you know go to voluntary you
know a death machine so we go into some
machine that which is killing so instead
of having a proper war there would be
the same number of people dead but they
wouldn't do a physical war they just
killed the people who lost this this
shooting down of a drone kind of tells
you what the future looks like right
here's what the future looks like
whoever owns the sky will win every war
if they care enough to find it so
because of the the power of drones
whoever owns the airspace over a country
effectively owns that country in the
future
wouldn't you say and most of that
doesn't need to be real people so the
Air Force in the future will be unarmed
drones because why would you put a
person there you don't need to and there
will be lots of them and the unarmed
Jones will fight it out now do the
unarmed Jones need to kill people they
don't because whoever owns the airspace
can simply tell those people you'd
better do what we want because now we
own the airspace because we can we can
kill you it will we can do anything we
want with your country because we own
this space above it so in the future
undoubtedly entire wars will be felt
will be fought by unmanned vehicles in
the sky and they'll be you know they'll
be falling like flies as they shoot each
other
eventually one force one country or one
entity will win and only their drones
will be in the sky at that point the war
is over because the humans underneath
have no chance against the drones they
have no chance drones could just hang up
there all day long if you go outdoors
they kill you unless you do what the
country with the drones tells you to do
so I think we're going to see entire
Wars of thought without a single human
being being involved right why wouldn't
that be the case now you could say hey
we we control the sky over countries
that we can't conquer but that's with
human human aircraft if you've got
drones and you could have almost like a
almost a ceiling of drones at all time
you could just see everything you can
shoot everything you would not be able
to run any kind of a country that's
blanketed with drones from an enemy you
just couldn't do it so I think that's
where we're going we're going to Wars
that there are no humans involved just
no humans the humans just find out who
won at the end except you know the
humans are running the drones all right
Lindsey Graham has said that we should
make a target list and if Iran continues
making trouble military trouble that we
should quote take out their Navy and
maybe their refineries now that would be
some serious stuff wouldn't it and I
thought to myself probably do need to do
that I think the odds of us taking out
the entire Iranian Navy as well as their
refineries it's pretty good I put the
odds at 5050 I think we're up to 50-50
chance that we will militarily take out
their entire Navy and some or all of the
refineries I think that will happen
50/50 chance one other thing about
Elizabeth Warren if Elizabeth Warren
makes it to the big
show and she's the candidate against
Trump and I'm not predicting this I'm
just saying that if it happened if it
happened wouldn't she look like the
grandmother running against the dad
because even though I think she's
younger than Trump right but she she
comes off as older because she's got the
grandma glasses and the grandma haircut
and stuff and Trump doesn't quite look
like a grandfather right I mean he is
but he feels more like the older dad and
so so here's the interesting thing I
think when everything's going great
grandma looks like a pretty good deal
because she'll make you some cocoa and
give you a hug yeah that's all you need
things are going great give me a hug
give me a cocoa when things are
dangerous the more the way they were
when Trump came into power then you want
the badass you know dad you want the one
who goes downstairs with the baseball
bat
now again I'm talking in human
stereotypes I'm not saying that there
are no badass grandmas you know we're
good with a gun I'm not saying every dad
will pick up a baseball bat and take
care of work people are all different
but in our stereotypical bias heads it's
gonna look like grandma versus dad right
how's that turn out well the other thing
that grandma has grandma Warren yeah I
don't know if she's actually a grandma
but she she just projects sort of
grandmotherly qualities which by the way
does not eliminate anybody from being
president I'm not saying I'm not saying
that's bad at all it could be the
perfect vibe for the country in the
right circumstances but she has two
bigger problems here are Warren's two
biggest problems she's a lawyer and an
academic and for every person who says
yes I crave substance and I want to hear
all of her policy ideas and my god she
certainly understands the details of the
policy for every person who says that
there
to be three people who say she's boring
and I don't like her energy and she just
doesn't seem like she's strong
so her strengths unfortunately don't
translate well to the political realm
Trump's strengths translate perfectly
because he understands that facts don't
matter and that how people feel matters
Warren believes that how people think
matters and not how they feel so much
that should be a blowout if she is the
candidate I still think that that when
Biden and Sanders tank which I predict
will happen if Warren became the top the
top in the polls or close to the top in
the polls I think that you would see
also Kamala Harris starting to creep up
into that second or third position and
I've always said she's the sleeper
I think Komal Harris is a sleeper here
somebody's prompted me to talk about the
Central Park five well the Central Park
five is another story that's similar to
the fine people hoax in the sense that
Trump used the attention that that story
got to make a larger case about having
the death penalty then people
illegitimately said oh he wants to kill
innocent black people therefore he's a
racist nothing like that happened yeah
and even though he is concerned that the
five were guilty of other crimes
remember the prosecutor well not
everybody knows us but the woman who
prosecuted the case agreed that they
were not guilty of the the primary crime
but they were guilty in her opinion and
there was plenty of evidence for it in
her opinion that there that they could
have got a conviction on other similar
bad behavior that night but not that
specific crime so Trump made a statement
about crime in general and never
mentioned ethnicity did not mention
specifically these people but it's
obvious that's what inspired it being
against crime is pretty different
being racist yeah I'm pretty sure you
can be black and not like crime I think
that's the thing pretty sure so the the
Central Park five thing is just one of
the backup hoaxes in case they find
people hoax falls apart which it is
apparently a number of companies are
moving out of China
I wasn't sure this was gonna happen and
I'm still not sure it is happening but
Fox News has a list of several less of
fewer than ten but there are big
companies who are either considering a
move or are planning to move and if
China now you should be careful about
making too much of this because I don't
know this is true but I'm going to
speculate that if you were to throw a
dart at a time line any time you looked
at companies moving in around China
there would probably always be a few
companies who are considering moving out
is that true I somebody fact check me on
this but it seems to me that where you
do your production is an ongoing revised
process all the time so even if you
would move to China and ten years ago
you're probably still looking at Vietnam
you know you probably have somebody in
your big multinational corporation whose
job it is to look at China and say okay
that was a good idea ten years ago but
Vietnam is making us an excellent offer
or Guatemala or something so I don't
know if we're seeing a real uptick in
companies leaving well here's what we
are seeing we're seeing the risk of
companies staying go up considerably I
think we're seeing companies say to
themselves hey it doesn't look like
there's any chance of a real trade deal
with China by a real trade deal I mean
one in which they're not stealing our
technology and and using it to build a
military to oppose us if you are Apple
computer and you're saying okay at the
moment we can sort of get away with
having a Chinese production facility but
it started
to shape up the way public opinion is
moving because the president's moving
public opinion on this amazingly and
it's one of his greatest successes is
how he's moved public opinion on both
sides about China's unfair trade
practices there will be a point coming
very soon where if you're a great
American company that you can't even on
your own conscience you can't be in
China so if you're a public company and
you care about what your customers and
your stockholders saying you're going to
be looking at this situation and you say
you know it's sort of okay now but it
would be actually dumb to plan a move
into China could we agree that if you
were contemplating moving to China
before let's say a few years ago you
were you're ramping up and saying yeah
we've targeted China we want to build
some facilities would it be fair to say
that you would not proceed with that
project if you had to decide today so if
you were sitting around a meeting table
today in a big fortune 500 company and
somebody says to the boss we need a
final decision are we going to move our
production into China
what's the CEO going to say hold give me
some options no smart CEO would commit a
large amount of resources to moving into
China under these conditions and it
doesn't look like those conditions are
going to change I don't see China moving
against fentanyl they talked about it
but there's no action I don't see them
doing anything really about theft of
intellectual property I don't see them
you know ramping down their military and
their military seems primarily aimed at
us right China's entire military who
else are they fighting with they don't
have anyone else to fight they're cool
with Russia you know what do they need a
navy for they don't need a navy to fight
Russia right the Navy is about us so I
don't think an American company can move
into China
there's the big story the big story is
not how many are moving out the big
story is that nobody's going to move in
that's that's done in my opinion any big
company that makes a new decision one
one that's you know they can actually
decide either way no big company can do
that now I met when was the last time
you heard some big company announced
they're moving to China it would be
suicide it would be crazy it wouldn't
matter what the tax situation or the
employment situation is you just
wouldn't do it so I think that you might
see you might see at first a slow
trickle of people moving and China but
every day that the trade negotiations go
on and it seems more and more obvious
that no deal can be reached because
apparently China doesn't do business
that way apparently China does not do
honest business where they make a deal
and then they keep it it just doesn't
seem to be part of the set of possible
things and as long as that's the case I
would expect China's economy to crash in
the next 20 years so that's my
prediction China's economy will take
quite a beating in the next 20 years all
right that is what I wanted to talk
about today I have these little pieces
of paper so I look more like a real
newsman check that off check that off
check that off
all right can we laugh a little more
somebody says I don't know what's funny
now let's talk about concentration camps
so one of the things that is very
amusing about aoc is that she can even
tell you what she's doing and you'll
still act like it's not happening so she
did it again she's right she didn't
write in in her sweet spot so she called
the let's call them detention centers
for immigrants on the border she fell
them in concentration camps
what happened when she called them
concentration camps well suddenly we
started seeing photos of these detention
centers which I've never seen had you
ever seen a photo of the detention
centers I hadn't but as soon as she
calls them concentration camps photos
all over right so suddenly we know a lot
more about these detention centers
suddenly the priority of them has has
gone up we're talking about AOC we're
talking about the detention centers
we're talking about a topic in which she
is relatively strong because she's got
sort of a moral argument if not a
practical it's not very practical and
and and everybody's saying AOC how dare
you compare this to Hitler how dare you
compare this to the Holocaust and
they're completely correct as I often
say there are at least two things you
should never compare don't prepare the
Holocaust to anything ever
there's no right time to compare
anything to the Holocaust and American
slavery there's nothing like it
stop saying there's anything like
slavery in America there are other
slavery situations but these are unique
things and you should never compare
anything to them
you just look dumb but she did it and
she did it she did it that's funny so
the people who come in here and anyway
I'll just block that troll and so anyway
AOC is doing what she's really really
really good at even if you don't like a
lot of things about her she she focused
all attention on the thing that helps
her helps the Democrats and hurts the
president in maybe could someday help
the the immigrants themselves although
I'm not sure that that's the top
priority for a or C I'm not reading your
mind I just don't know one way or the
other so there's still people on here
saying a or C is inherited it has and
she looks pretty dumb you are so missing
the show
if for those of you don't know AOC was
is selected based on American Idol like
contest
she literally auditioned for the job of
politician with Democratic people who
knew how to pick people it's not an
accident that she's this good it's not
an accident she was selected out of
thousands of people because she can do
this this is special you don't have to
like it but it's special and she can
reproduce it over and over again and
every time she does people say that's a
stupid thing she's saying how could she
be so dumb and then we go on and talk
about all the things she wants us to
focus on and she gets more powerful and
and and it's all because of our reaction
to her all right so that's all I have to
say about her and by the way you know
what the smartest thing yeah now never
mind I'm not going to say that I changed
my mind in mid-sentence she did - all
right she liked you now I'm luckier
comments I just make sure I haven't
missed any topics that you want to talk
about here all right there's just more
bad a OC stuff you know it's it's kind
of I don't know it makes me sad that you
can't appreciate the talent at the same
time maybe you you're hating her
politics I feel like you could hate her
politics and still respect how effective
she is and feel like I feel like you can
do that because I hate her politics yeah
there are things which she said calling
you know Republicans racist every five
minutes etc there are things I
absolutely deplore about her her stated
opinions who knows what she's thinking
but man you can't say it's not effective
we're oh the Libra so Facebook is
producing its own crypto that's the
scariest thing in the world isn't it is
there anything you would want less than
Facebook to control your money that just
feels like the worst idea in the world
I'm just sort of a conceptual level you
don't even need to know the details yeah
just start with this
hey facebook wants to control money what
what what it's crazy so let me give you
an update on my own shadow banning I
expect that this video will get D
monetize almost certainly so this this
video so remember what I talked about
here so during this during this
periscope was there any material on here
that you think is controversial or
should be d monetized anything no no I I
in fact I came out in favor of the the
fight of people different fighting
people but the good people who are
talking about reparations I'm on the
side of the Angels right there's nothing
I said on here this should be d
monetized but I am calling out the fine
people hoax again it wasn't I didn't
want to but it was in the news again so
this will be d monetized
or it will be like my my video yesterday
where I did a test where instead of
saying find people hoax I just used the
letters F P H and I wanted to see if
there their speech-to-text would pick
that up and flag it by its initials in
theory it would not and what happened
instead of getting demonetised that
video was suppressed for the first
several hours so it was completely
throttled back it was it was sort of
taken out of the recommended video cues
so if it doesn't get recommended to
people it just yeah is limited to the
audience itself and that that's much
smaller so I complained about it in
public and said it had to be human
interference
or human intervention there had to be a
human being who is watching my videos
and probably other political voices and
looked at it and said we don't want this
opinion to be to be seen
they didn't de monetize it they just
throttled it which is way in a way D
monetizing at least is honest but since
you can't defend the D monetization it's
better to hide it because when you do
monetize people complain hey I'm
demonetised but when they just hide your
traffic you can't tell unless you look
at the curve and then it's really
obvious so you let me explain to you so
there's a within within YouTube there
are these analytics and one of the
things they'll do is if you've had lots
of videos they'll show you sort of a
zone that your video traffic is almost
certainly going to be in if it's like
the others because it's a pretty big
zone it's the the your worst video and
your best video so there's a lot of
space in there for for where the new one
is the first one if this is normal the
first one did this it was a straight
line for like hours it's not even
possible alright that you can't get that
curve of just like a straight line when
all of your videos go like this I've
just walked for several hours just goes
into straight line at zero it was pretty
obvious that that was human intervention
and whoever that human is knows I'm
talking about them right now so here's
the weird part there's somebody watching
this probably I don't know if they watch
it to the end but there's probably
somebody watching it right now whose job
it is to suppress my voice or at least
they think it is they think it's their
job but I want you to look at this video
because I'm talking to you now whoever
whoever is watching me for YouTube tell
me if there was anything in here that
cannot be validated by looking at to
find people transcript you can look at
it yourself
just google it fine people Charles will
train transcript see it for yourself
there's nothing I said that's untrue and
there's nothing I said that would be
even slightly slightly socially
unacceptable
do your job please just do your job and
that message is for whoever's watching
and the rest of you I will talk to you
tomorrow