well you're there and I'm here so we
should probably do something like a show
or something anybody up for
that all right let me make sure I'm
checking my
comments people on
locals all right you got your special
comment Channel
going looking good
well good morning and welcome to the
highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need is a copper mugger a glass of
tanker chalice a Stein a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine the day thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous seep and it happens now
go now we're
talking well if you're thinking it's
Saturday so is Owen going to do his
spaces um not today um spaces will be on
Sunday after the show
uh there are several stories in the news
today about
trans and I'm going to ignore all of
them because I feel
manipulated you know what I mean every
time I see a trans story of any kind I
think to
myself you know it was only a few years
ago there were zero and then suddenly
it's like one of the main things in the
news there's no way that's organic and
there's it's no way that's national news
all right there's somebody who's trans
and somebody called them the wrong
pronoun I don't care no no interest
whatsoever in individual trans
stories well president Trump the
ultimate crowd pleaser the man who can
read the room better than anybody says
plastic straws are
back let me tell you how genius that
is plastic straws have to be one of the
most popular things in the
country and everybody tried the you know
the regular ones and didn't like them so
the beauty of this is not just as
popular but it's visceral see this is
what Trump does that you don't notice
when when you think of the plastic straw
you can feel it right it's like a
feeling you can almost taste it you can
you can taste your your beverage you
know in your mind so when he does this
visual imagery that um youve Foles taste
and
feeling that's really strong you can
never forget that kind of stuff now
let's
compare Trump saying plastic straws are
back and you've got this whole visual
image and you're happy about it and it's
it's not the biggest thing in the world
but it's absolutely what you wanted now
compared to Elizabeth
Warren who did a post in which she was
talking about Doge and she's fighting
against it now watch this generic Terri
communication all right this is from a
post on X Elizabeth Warren Senator
Warren I often talk about righteous
fights uh some kind of
concept make no
mistake we are in one a what oh a
righteous
fight okay that's nice and generic I
can't taste it feel it see it I won't
remember those words tomorrow uh this
fight will be
long okay you're telling me I'm going to
feel bad Trump will continue to distract
divide and
demoralize okay Concepts Concepts
Concepts but when things get tough again
you're telling me it's going to be hard
there is only one option ahead of us
there's never one option ahead of you
that's kind of dumb even as a concept
nevertheless we must
persist you see what I'm saying right
let me let me give it to you back to
back Trump I'm bringing black I'm
bringing back plastic straws got it
Elizabeth War I often talk about
righteous fights and make no mistake we
are in one this fight will be long Trump
will continue to distract divid into
more or less is but when it gets tough
when it gets tough there's only one
up God learn to communicate will you
learn to communicate how in the world is
she one of their strongest
Democrats when she can't put a sentence
together that anybody would want to care
about meanwhile ice say uh I guess
arrested 11,000 illegal migrants
according to the New York Post so
they're they're putting them in all
kinds of different places but so that's
just in first 18
days they got
11,000 mostly criminals who mostly would
have reoffended
because criminals
reoffend did they basically get rid of
let's say if they reoffended you know
twice a year did we get rid of 20,000
crimes that feels like a lot I mean I I
get that's it's a big country and we
have a lot of crimes but 20,000 crimes
how are you not in favor of that 20,000
criminals especially the
gangs you know there's some people who
say that the Gang things the trend of
waga or whatever it is are are so uh
let's say viral that if they get enough
of a foothold in your country they can
start controlling your
government and we weren't very far away
from that it would have only taken uh it
would only taken a little bit you know
maybe a few more years and they would
have control over local governments you
know through threats and
violence anyway so glad we're getting
them now um one of the stories that
people had the most interest in
yesterday was that Trump revoked Biden's
security clearance now you might
remember that Biden revoked Trump's
security clearance saying oh he can't be
trusted so so Trump Returns the favor
which I'm totally in favor of uh you
know I'm not in favor of just Revenge
stuff but this had no real impact on
anything except slap in the face to
Biden who just deserved a slap in the
face uh again not physically we're
talking we're talking uh mentally slap
in the face and uh but the reason that I
think the public was so interested in
this story you know yesterday when I did
my man cave program almost everybody who
came in said hey have you heard about
this one have you heard about this one
and I think the main things we
understand
it the Doge stories are all just a
little complicated have you noticed you
have to sort of know what the entity is
and then there's a whole bunch of
different things they're doing badly and
then you confuse that with the other
entity and it's just really complicated
stuff so when we see a simple one like
Trump's bringing back plastic straws
we're like okay I got that one or uh
Trump revokes Biden's security clearance
oh okay got it let's talk about that one
easy you know all all crime hides in
complexity complexity is
usually the way that um it's usually
intentional to hide crime that that's
why almost every domain has something in
it that's way too
complicated because there's crime in
there and you can't spot it because it's
too
complicated um there's a study uh by
diverse
IQ who says that Dei didn't work so Dei
has been around for a while and it made
basically no real
difference um I could give you details
but the details all say it didn't make
any difference so had years of severe
racism against white men mostly because
white women were doing fine under Dei
but years of discrimination just over
discrimination against men no difference
the the numbers barely moved a little
bit more in management you know which
you'd
expect so anyway Dei was a failure we
can say that for sure much like the uh
Department of Education at the federal
level the is it the Department of
Education yeah the uh Department of
Education was formed because the the
students at the lowest end of
accomplishment needed a boost so the
whole idea was all right we'll do this
Federal thing so the states can't just
let let people
go and it made no
difference so years and years of funding
the you know the education department no
difference so Dei no
difference uh Department of Education no
difference so getting rid of those
things that made no difference has got
to be a good thing
all right let's talk about the story
about the uh the young man I think he
was 25 who got uh cancelled but was
brought back
so correct me if I'm wrong but I think
the story about Big Balls is not a story
about him saying anything wrong he just
had a funny name online it's someone
else um slightly older 25 I think 24 25
who was the one who said some things
under a I think under a pseud name I
don't think it was under his own name
but had said several things that uh a
normal person would say well that's
pretty racist that looks pretty racist I
would say that if you were just looking
at what he said yeah yeah I'm not going
to repeat them because they're ugly
thoughts but yeah if you were only
looking at the
sentences yeah that that would look
racist to me but here's the
thing there are real people who say bad
things I don't I've told you before I
don't put the same standard on somebody
young as I put on somebody older but I
also don't put the same standard on
people acting
anonymously if somebody acts anonymously
and then somebody outs them I blame the
person who outed them that's my standard
because if you're saying something
anonymously it means it's something
closer to a thought it's something that
you wouldn't say under your own
name all of us have terrible thoughts
sometimes I mean on different topics but
we all have terrible thoughts if we if
all of us were judged on our thoughts we
would all be
canceled now some of you might say oh
not me I never had any bad thoughts
really really I don't believe that so I
don't have the same standard for and I
don't know if this is the case by the
way I don't know if he posted under his
own name if he posted that stuff under
his own
name then I would be a little more harsh
but anything that somebody does
anonymously it's because they want you
to know how they think and I find that
valuable so even if you hate it don't
you want to know somebody's thinking it
isn't isn't that a plus even if you hate
that somebody's thinking it I want to
know what they're thinking whether it's
yeah an insult to somebody else or an
insult to me I would definitely want to
know so there's that but here's the
bigger story so the bigger story is that
he said things that normally would get
anybody
cancell but uh JD Vance basically said
you know get over it people make
mistakes move on and then he got
reinstated so Elon brought him back he
had a little he also had a little survey
and X 78% of the people on X now it's of
course not a scientific poll but uh 7 8%
said bring him back now here's why I'm
in favor of bringing him
back because I can't live with a
standard that you can be um you can be
cancelled for something you said that
somebody else thinks is racist now in
this particular case these were
unusually
clear so uh they look pretty bad but
he's also unlikely to you know take
those kind of views into his adult life
you know people change so my problem
with the whole topic is if you let this
guy get cancelled what happens
next right I don't want to say slippery
slope because I hate that term but what
happens if you let them get cancelled
they look for the next one right they
look for another one to cancel but the
next one might not be so clear maybe the
next one said One Thing Once canceled
Maybe they said something that wasn't
bad but if you took it out of context it
is bad
canceled so as soon as you let the enemy
this would be the Democrats as soon as
you give them a loaded weapon they're
going to start shooting so what JD Vance
was is not save a racist if that's what
you saw you missed the whole show what
he did is save us he saved the rest of
us it look the story is he saved one guy
you know by having a a wellth thought
out defense of people making mistakes
and you know maybe we can not throw out
the baby with the the bathwater kind of
thing maybe maybe we should try to
reconstitute him because he has value to
the country it was a good good academic
I guess good argument people liked it
but by far the important thing is what
it did for the rest of us it made us
safer because now I know that even if
some tried to make something up that at
least the Democrats would say get the
 out of
here am I right this is really really
big and to me it's as big as Dei being
cancelled if you can take the you're a
racist oh and also your brothers are
racist your sisters are racist and
everybody you knows a racist and
everybody's a racist you're racist
you're racist you have to disarm that
because if you let them have that weapon
they'll just use it all day long like a
Gatling gun and you saw what the last 10
years have been like so yes JD Vance may
have
defended you know 50 million people so
if you think it's a story about that one
guy who said some that I don't like
either not really it's a much bigger
Point
anyway
um according to the
hill um there's a story oh there's a
story about saving Dei in the private
sector so it's an opinion piece about
how they have to work hard to save Dei
in the private sector and he said uh the
title is how can we defend the private
sector from Trump's war on Dei they are
literally asking how they can keep
racism because Dei is canceled because
it's
racist that's the reason there wasn't
any other reason so how can you write an
opinion piece on the hill
defending
racism which is what he's doing well
would you be surprised to know that it's
a lawyer who works on these issues and
gets paid the more Dei stuff he's doing
follow the money that's how you find out
what's going on well uh Trump uh
apparently uh dismissed multiple members
of the Kennedy Center Board of Trustees
so the Kennedy Center uh I guess the
board of trustees or a bunch of
political appointees and he decided that
they were not on board with the golden
age and that he didn't say so but I feel
like they were too woke and that wasn't
compatible with the golden age so he
just got rid of a bunch of
trustees and one of the
trustees is former press secretary Karen
Chan
Pierre so Ken John Pier gets this
appointment that's sort of a sort of a
nice one it's it's kind of a very
respectful appointment but as soon as
she gets it she gets fired so she's lost
two jobs this
month good luck
though CNN uh I don't know I think this
might be an older one this is an older
video but somebody was showing it around
because um project Veritas now this is
after O'Keefe left to do his own thing
at OMG but the people who still run ran
the old organization had some undercover
video of
CNN um there was basically some
technical directors and producer types
and they actually say out loud in direct
words that their goal was to get Trump
out of office their goal meaning CNN's
corporate
goal several people said it it wasn't
one person several people said oh yeah
our goal was to get Trump out of office
now how could you watch CNN and think
that's
news once you've seen them undercover
say oh yeah yeah we were just trying to
get Trump out of
office how many Democrats even know that
that video
exists and another said quote our Focus
was to get Trump out of office right
without was saying it that's what it was
right that's somebody who who works
there at a high enough level that they
would know exactly what CNN wants as a
corporate entity yes so if you thought
that CNN was
news you were wrong they were they were
propaganda let's talk about uh MSNBC Joy
Reeds being useless again uh so she's
attacking musk because he's a private
citizen oh we can't have a private
citizen even though he's got top
security clearance we can't have private
citizens looking at our
our
records and trying to be productive and
and uh you know make the country survive
when we have no path to survival unless
we cut
massively um and it made me think I I
remember when I thought that MSNBC was
trying to be a news channel and I also
thought CNN was trying to be a news
channel but then I would think ah darn
it the way you're covering the story you
know seems wrong
and I would get all mad at them because
I thought don't you know you're a news
entity you're a news entity that's not
the news you're it's all biased but once
you realize that they're primarily and
maybe exclusively a propaganda organ
then everything just looks funny like it
just completely changes your perspective
oh I get it it's a propaganda Network so
what's the what are the propaganda
people saying that uh the big problem is
that mus is a private
citizen well Joy Reed allow me to ask
the following
question um if you don't like a private
citizen getting in there and auditing
and cutting costs what would be the
elected person who did
it is there an elected position to do
this I don't believe there is I believe
that even if the government did it it
would be somebody who was hired by the
president
who is Not
Elected you the Russ vote got in the uh
is it the
ga I'm not sure that it's a really job I
don't think it's their job to audit but
suppose it was that would be a private
citizen who is has a job but was not
elected so the most normal thing that
happens in our government is people who
are not elected do important
things USA
entirely run by people who are not
elected who who is the elected person
that usaid none none so it's beyond
stupid to say that musk as a private
citizen is a problem is Way Beyond
stupid now again if the if I thought
that they were trying to be a news
channel I'd be up in arms I'd be like oh
can't can't you tell that you're you're
distorting the story that really
everybody's most of the government is
Not Elected and the people who are
elected are not going to be Auditors
they're they're not going to be going in
there they're going to be senators or
whatever but they're not going to be
doing this this is a totally specialized
kind of work that very few people in the
whole planet could do certainly not any
elected people that's how I would say
before now I just think it's
funny it it's funny that they don't have
any argument and and watching them flail
little little Baldi Joe Joey readed
so um so apparently Trump's Pentagon I
guess this would be be Heth uh probably
gave the order they've removed um from
the Pentagon CNN NBC News the New York
Times The Washington Post Politico the
hill and
NPR why did they remove them because
they would be considered propaganda and
not news
I love this they're not they're not
being removed for being biased they're
being removed for just being
propaganda that pretends to be news
they've replaced it with and you you
could make the argument that you know
there's propaganda on both sides I won't
argue with you uh it's replaced with
Newsmax oan New York Post Washington
xammer The Daily Caller and
breart so
certainly all of these new entities that
are going in the right leaning entities
I would say it's fair to say that they
have a you know a right leaning
bias but you know what seems different
and I could be wrong about this I could
be completely wrong about this because
it' be easy to be fooled it seems to me
that the actual
propaganda only comes from one side bias
comes from both sides roughly the same
amount but proper propanda where you say
to yourself they know that's not true
but they keep saying it anyway that's
different because you don't see that on
the right on the right when somebody
says something happened and it's wrong
they believed it was real they they were
just wrong and being wrong is not really
the biggest crime in the news world when
everything's moving so fast and there's
a fog of War we're all wrong being wrong
is pretty ordinary but being wrong
and in a biased way is not in the same
category of waking up and saying how can
I get rid of President Trump that's
really different one is propaganda
because you know you're doing it the
other is just it's a messy world people
make mistakes people people are
biased well here's what David Sax said
about us Aid you know I'm I try to get
you the best explainers and then just
quote them because it's so
to summarize USA and you know what's
right and wrong about that place um
unless you've got really good
communicators so here's another really
good communicator David saaks he says uh
quote we're in debt I think this was on
the all-in Pod uh he said we're in debt
almost 40 trillion and anytime anyone
tries to cut anything in Washington the
whole city screams bloody murder the
question is why well now we know the
money is all going to
them New York Times getting paid
Politico getting paid bill Crystal
perennial warmonger getting paid Ukraine
like 11 and of 12 Publications getting
paid uh Victor orbon the prime minister
of hungry was saying his political
opposition is funded by
USA and that's an
ally um in Poland the leftwing political
opposition is funded by us a BBC in the
UK every every left-wing organization in
the world seems to be getting paid by
this slush fund of USA which distributes
50 billion year that's a billion dollars
a week which sax tells us is a lot of
money that's a lot of money
now that is I don't think that describes
the entire situation because the you
know the the msnbc's are just propaganda
networks so they're going to be against
whatever Trump's doing it doesn't really
matter what he's doing they're just
going to be way against it uh but I do
think that this is a huge part of it
that the money is essentially
laundered through different NOS these
entities until it gets to literally the
fake news so the fake news is funded as
fake news by the propaganda funding
people they're literally the people
whose job is to create
propaganda the USA all right but it's
supposed to be aimed at other countries
some of it is but then we also know as
Mike Ben points out that there was a
huge effort through US Aid to create
censorship entities in other countries
that would have the job of censoring
American social networks so they
couldn't the government couldn't
directly um censor American companies
but we could create foreign entities
that look legitimate but are not
that that create this need to censor
everywhere and if if uh the social
networks can't operate in Europe it's
some gigantic part of their their uh
profitability so yes every part of USA
seems
dirty according to guer Capital let's
say you count on X um here's a little
summary of some other us Aid things did
you know the US Aid took about half a
billion in taxes from Americans and sent
it to an NGO called inter News Network
have you ever heard of that no you
haven't because the way they hide all
the bad stuff is in the
complexity whenever there's a lot of
complexity there is Major fraud in every
domain every time complexity equals
fraud so if you say to yourself Scott I
I can't follow all these thousands of
NGS and how they're connected and all
the various things they're doing that's
the point that's how they hide it so if
you didn't have massive complications
and complexity you couldn't get away
with this stuff it would just be so
obviously
wrong
anyway um now what does this uh inter
News Network do with a half billion
dollars of your tax money they work with
over 4,000 Outlets to train journalists
that's the actual PHA they use train
journalists and quote tackle
disinformation I think you all know what
that means what does it mean to train a
journalist do you think they're teaching
them how to write are they improving
their
grammar no no it's propaganda they're
bribing them or they're either bribing
them or brainwashing them to do what do
what they want this is a total
brainwashing bribery operation that has
corrupted most of the journalism in the
world it looks like and the address for
this entity that takes half a billion do
year is an abandoned
building sometimes things are exactly
the way they look it's an abandoned
building the the level of
corruption and you know just plain
 is just through the
roof um I think this is also uh
Something Mike Ben tells us that us Aid
also rigged the Brazil
election and of course they called it
Aid because that's what USA does they
they try to control other countries and
if you question them they say oh we just
curing their AIDS or oh we're just
helping them with their free speech or
oh we're just helping them get rid of
disinformation I don't know what you're
talking about yeah so that's how they do
it that's how they do it
exactly the way it was done in Brazil so
us Aid uh didn't just send Aid to Brazil
it funded sensorship back leftwing
activist and um maybe helped rig the
election I don't know what rig means in
this
case um so millions of dollars flowed
into the the other team in Brazil so
Brazil was corrupted by the United
States and the
USA um as fiser king says on the
xplatform he observes that uh um the
Doge has forced Democrats into the
position of Defending waste Fraud and
Abuse yes in much of the way
um in much of the
way uh sorry I saw your something about
plastic
straws less about plastic straws let's
do less about
that anyway um
in the same way that Trump claiming
common sense as the Republican you
know what would you say organizing
principle the organizing principle is
just common sense once you take the the
flag of Common Sense the people on the
other side are going to look a little
silly because they're at they're
literally arguing against common sense
or at least on you know on the surface
it looks like that but here too when do
is finding all these sketchy expenses
that should easily be
cut uh it forces the Democrats
to support fraud waste and abuse now
they'll say it differently do you know
what they'll say so it doesn't sound
like they're in favor of fraud they'll
say oh why is a why is a private
citizen what why a private
citizen um that's all they got
now of course you're seeing the the most
bought off people in the world the
people pretty much get direct funding
from usaid or they're part of the
intelligence Community or they work with
them so they're screaming that usaid if
you cut it it will kill children don't
you know these vital Services have saved
children all over the world children
will die well that's what fraudster say
if you don't give me money children will
die let me tell you my
uh how to if you get a chance to have a
conversation with somebody who's saying
but they're cutting charity children
will die if that's all they
know here's what you
say they are not a charitable
organization we only give charity where
we're trying to control the country
where that charity is and they use it as
a vehicle to move our CIA into the
country under the cover of the charity
and the charity is selected specifically
for countries that we want to control if
it were a real charity if it were a real
charity the giving would look completely
different because the giving would be
based on where the biggest problem was
do you think that's what you're seeing
no you're seeing the giving completely
directed where we want to control the
country it's just a coup if you can't
deal the difference between charity and
a coup attempt you shouldn't be in the
conversation at all now if you say to
yourself well come on okay maybe you
know maybe one or two times that's
happened within us Aid no let me say it
again it's the only thing they do they
don't do charity and then also
separately they do some you know some
coups and things that are good for na
for America it's not separate it's
exactly the same mechanism and it's
always the same because that's the whole
job of the USA it's not about charity
it's about using charity to take over
countries and it works really well
because the country is going to have a
hard time saying no don't help us with
our AIDS epidemic or something like that
so now just ask uh what how would the
how the charity would look different if
simply helping people
was what you wanted to
do I talked to my smart Democrat friend
that I often talk about and
he was like most Democrats completely
unaware of what I just said that USA is
well documented and known to be really
in the coup business and the projecting
power business and that the the charity
part is just
artificial now here's the thing I could
be
wrong I mean it's happened before
suppose that's not what us8 is doing but
that's not my point right now my point
is that's
what uh the most let's say the
Republicans were following things the
most that's what we think because we've
been educated I think it's educated and
the big story here is that his new
sources CNN and New York Times will
never tell
him what the other side thinks and why
they're motivated what we think is this
is stuff we don't want to be paying for
and we're motivated to get rid of it
what they think is oh you're just trying
to get rid of our Charities and kill
children so if you watch CNN you will
never hear what I just said the US Aid
is basically for projecting power and
the charity is a fake thing on top of it
now even if you think that's not true
keep in mind remember when Q was a big
thing 2016 or so when Q was a big thing
uh CNN and MSNBC would talk about it cuz
they say those crazy Republicans they
believe in this thing called Q right so
they will generally show both sides when
both when when the Republican side has
something embarrassing then you'll hear
what the Republicans think oh they
believe in Q well what Wing nuts but as
soon as we believe in something that
makes complete sense and is well
documented which is that USA is this
giant money
laundering you know power projecting
thing masquerading as a charity as soon
as we have that they act like it doesn't
happen like that's not even the argument
they simply pretend the argument is a
different argument and then they tell
then they argue the argument that's not
the
argument and you'll and their readers
will
never hear what Mike Benz has to say for
example they'll never hear
it all
right meanwhile
um and the other thing I would say about
for the people who think it's a
charity
um if we wanted to be a
charity that's all it would
be that's all it would be but it's a lot
of other things so anyway the U National
Institute of Health is it the
NIH is uh going to reduce their overhead
from 27% down to 15% now of course this
scientists are squealing we can't
possibly do any science with that low
and overhead but of course we don't
believe anybody anytime you cut
anybody's budget they will say you can't
cut this budget children will die it's
the end of the world science will be
destroyed that's what they all say but
that's why you don't send an elected
person to cut a budget if you send an
elected person to cut a budget what's
going to happen every budget you cut
will be a bunch of
Voters and they'll say hey don't cut my
budget I will vote against you don't cut
my budget I will vote against you then
don't cut my budget because I will vote
against you you can't send an elected
person to cut a budget you have to send
somebody who doesn't give a what
you think about them in the short term
is playing a total long game and can put
up with the shame and embarrassment and
and and all of that now I'm going to go
further and say why you're watching with
Doge you know even though it's a very
specific character Elon Musk and and the
people he's brought in it it tells a
bigger story about America and I've said
this in different ways but I'm going to
try to pull it all together doge is
essentially willing to just shake the
box like nobody's business cut things
that maybe will have to add back if we
find it's a problem and just make a big
dramatic
change do you know what other countries
are capable of doing that the answer is
none well Mele maybe Argentina but
special case the the advantage that
America has is that we can do stuff like
this we can destroy everything we have
if we've got a good idea how to make it
better and we'll do it but more
importantly we'll take the shame
and the risk of failure like nobody else
can so if you were in say Europe or
Japan or something you couldn't do this
kind of work because the shame that
would come on you and the the
accusations and it would follow you for
the rest of your life and everybody hate
you you couldn't handle it you know what
we say in America when people are
shaming you and it's hard and you know
you're working really hard oh you're a
bunch of losers the smart people are
working hard Taking Chances making big
big changes so we think that the people
who make the big change are
heroes I do in other countries they
think what's wrong with you you know you
should be ashamed you cuss some you cuss
some charity in America we say you
and your your stupid charity
because it's all fake so we're just
going to cut it and you can complain all
you want but but but one of your people
said some racist things yeah you
too we're just going to use him because
he's good we're just going to make it
work so you can see that the the shamers
and the blamers and the cry racist all
the things that I don't think other
countries are have the the same cultural
let's say uh suit of
armor America is unique in in which
taking a big swing and missing doesn't
feel like a mistake it doesn't feel like
a mistake it feels like get back in
there take a few more swings you you'll
hit the third
one by the way my favorite comment I saw
on X today was uh somebody was
complaining about um musk having a
19-year-old doing this important work
and Michael Dell uh weighs in he says uh
I started a company when I was 19 it's
going pretty well he started Dell
computers when he was when he was
19 so yeah that was funny um here's
here's another funny one apparently doge
is going to be canceling
168k 168,000 that was going to be for a
fouchi
museum or a fouchy exhibit in some kind
of Museum a fouchy exhibit
168,000 doeses that mean that somebody
somebody was putting a statue of him I
think it's going to be a
statue I wonder if it's already built
cuz you might be able to get it for
cheap if if there's already built a
fouchy statue and now there's nobody to
buy it because they canceled the budget
I I'd like to maybe look at it to
possibly pick it up for
cheap I wouldn't mind having a fouchy
statue in my in my
foyer I don't know what I'd use it for
but it'd be
hilarious anyway so that's
funny um so Elon Musk and his doge are
going to get into the Pentagon they're
going to get into Medicare and Medicaid
and Elon says he thinks there's a 100
billion wasted in Medicare and Medicaid
Gateway pundits reporting so that's
still not enough you know if we're
trying to solve a two trillion dollar
problem how much do you think he's going
to find in the
Pentagon well let me give you a little
uh hint um there was a video of Elon at
some event that was a few months ago but
it just dropped the video did and he was
talking about the future of war and he
said it's it's all going to be drones
basically drones drones drones
and is our military optimized for that
or do we have gigantic entities that you
know want to keep their own thing going
it's like oh I'm I'm the tank people so
we need lots of tanks and I'm the boat
person we need lots of boats ships I
guess um we probably need ships no
matter what even even if they're just
going to carry the drones but uh yeah so
the suggestion is that if we were to
build a military that was based on how
you would actually fight a war
today that it might be completely
different than what we do normally so I
think we just added drones to the things
we have if you want to save money
without losing too much in terms of your
National Defense probably there's going
to be a lot of other weapons systems
that seem redundant if you've got enough
drones but then if somebody gets really
good at blocking drones or jamming them
better than they are now uh maybe we
need the missiles back so it's a pretty
complicated
situation but if you want to get you
want to get a sense of the future in
Ukraine um here here's nor from Ukraine
just to tie it all together so in
Ukraine at the moment Russia has a five
to one soldier advantage on the front
line there are five times as many
Russians as ukrainians and the
ukrainians are often you know old guys
who don't want to be there so you know
they don't have much left but what they
do have is the ability to make 200,000
drones a
month so apparently what happens is that
the ukrainians are sending out no
soldiers they're not doing anything
offensive and the soldiers just you know
man the drones and man the front lines
but the Russians are still doing some
you know mild offensive Maneuvers
they're not capturing much you know mile
here mile there but as soon as they send
out their soldiers the drones go up and
they just wipe them out so not enough
that it would stop you know a
fullscale March if they really wanted to
take the losses but at the moment it's
kind of a stalemate where one side is
losing people and the other side is
losing
drones just think about that one side is
losing people and the other side is only
losing drones so that's where it's going
200,000 a
month one of them according to
interesting engineering is a drone that
can spread steel ball fragments over
21,000 Square
fet 21,000 Square
ft that means basically if the Infantry
of the Russian army is coming toward you
you can just drop one of these things
and the shrapnel will kill everybody
within 21,000 square feet you don't need
a lot of them so yeah it's going to be
drone drone drone Warfare no doubt about
it so you might see some big
recommendations about how to have a
military that's different that's going
to be scary because we don't want to
give up anything we have but we'll have
to because we don't have infinite
money all right um Trump has launched an
investigation into California's
High-Speed Rail debacle so 120 billion
was sort of set aside for it or budgeted
they've already spent about 14 billion
and haven't built a single mile of track
I think most of the problem is Dei and
environmentalism there's just always
some problem that nobody can do
work um so Trump's going to look into it
now I don't know how that works can the
federal government look into anything
they want to in a state do they do they
have that kind of authority I don't know
but here's the question I
ask it seems to me that every time we
see a criminal organization or a
criminal project to me the the whole uh
bullet train thing in California looks
like there must be just massive fraud
and waste and you know corruption I'm
sure people got really well paid out of
that 14 billion to produce literally
nothing it seems like every time we see
one of
these you know organizations that is
almost designed for corruption like
usaid it's almost always an entirely
Democrat situation if you look at the uh
most corrupt local mayors
I feel like most of them would be
Democrats and I'm wondering are
Democrats really only
criminals because every time we see one
there's something criminal Happening Now
Republicans also do
crimes but can you give me any example
of a republican dominated organization
that has been found to be one of these
wasting billions of dollars things the
only one I know is Bill Crystal
is is sucking off the USA
te but even that's not big scale I don't
think that's a terribly big scale so am
I wrong that fraud and Democrats are so
overlapped that all you would have to
know is oh here's a a big budget and a
big organization and it's mostly
Democrats you would know that it's
corrupt wouldn't you and is that the
same both ways if it's a big
organization with the big budget and
it's run mostly by Republicans could you
also say hey people are people you know
if you give them a chance to steal they
will and if that's true that it works
both ways kind of equally and it's not
about democrat or republican if that's
true why are all the ones we hear about
Democrats Am I Wrong am I missing some
obvious examples where oh yeah this uh
Republican heavy organization was
stealing like crazy and laundering funds
I not really aware of any of those
stories so at what point do we say this
doesn't look like a coincidence it looks
like Democrats are basically a criminal
organization with their fingers and
every pie that you could possibly put
them
in anyway that's what it looks
like
so so we're at the point where our fake
domestic news uh largely oppos opposes
Trump and Doge
while every foreign country envies both
of them what do you think other
countries like let's say Germany what do
you think they think when they're
watching the United States close down
immigration and rip their budget apart
looking for waste and
fraud don't you think Germany is saying
oh God why can't we be like that again
this gets back to what makes America
difference we we can just take more risk
and and we can live through it uh what
what about France or the UK or any of
them don't you think all of our allies
are looking at Trump and Doge and saying
all right well they're not successful
yet but I sure wish we could do that I
think that's true but in the United
States the fake news which is most of
the news uh is treating it like it's a
it's the end of the
world so my summary is Big Balls big
Balls uh I also think think that we
might be 12 months away from lapping the
field in economics and when I say
lapping the
field uh the the US economy is already
one of the the good
ones one of the best right um but I
think we're just going to pull
away and the only the drag that we have
in the economy is all the excess
spending if we can get that anchor
pulled up you know the anchor of the
excess
spending we're in really good shape and
Trump of course is you know pushing the
envelope in every way
economically so specifically here's
another example uh zalinski over in
Ukraine says he's open to Trump's idea
that the United States would get some of
their Rare Earth
minerals so Trump said if we're going to
put all this money in Ukraine and defend
it we should get something return
they've got lots of rare earth minerals
that we need so we'll take those now
when you first hear that you say to
yourself s you can't just take the rare
earth minerals it's like a whole other
country you know aren't they going to
have to agree to that and then zalinsky
says yeah um we could talk about that
let's make a deal because Ukraine can't
really exploit those resources on his
own and if it's making America happy and
also getting you know maybe half of the
money or something it's a good idea for
both because they're not going to do it
on their own they they're just too
broken down to afford something like
that so yeah uh once again Trump sees
free money and says I'll take
that now you also saw the story that uh
I don't know if this is true yet I
haven't seen a good source for this can
anybody confirm that Egypt said it would
help the um Palestinians from Gaza Is
that
real because I don't know if it's real
or just something I saw but the story is
the way people are treating it is that
is
real
and that uh anyway so so that would be a
case of trump um stirring the box and
saying okay we'll take Gaza if nobody
wants to help if nobody's going to help
the Gaza residents we will now the way
we're going to do it is we'll probably
have to ship you somewhere else for a
long time and it'll might take 10 years
to fix up Gaza but then we'll consider
bringing back the people who don't look
dangerous now that was probably never a
practical
plan but it certainly made the people in
the region sharpen their pencils and say
ah maybe we could help maybe we could
just to keep that big boot of the United
States military out of their the
region so it could be that Trump's play
was exactly what the Palestinians needed
just to incentivize other you know other
countries in the region to help
out and that ladies and
gentlemen is all I had today I'll remind
you again that owens's spaces that he
usually does on Saturday he's going to
do on Sunday this
week so no spaces today
tomorrow all
right let's see how I did oh I good I
was trying to keep it to an hour I got I
got pretty
good oh
kind
itchy um majority of the rare earth is
in the regions that Russia controls well
maybe the majority but I'll bet there's
still plenty I'm not sure anybody ever
knows where all the rare earth is until
you start digging around for it because
if you're not looking for it how are you
going to find
it so I I think everybody's got a lot of
rare earth what they don't have is the
ability to mine
it all
right that's all I've got for now I'm
going to say hi to the uh people on
locals and the rest of you I will see
you tomorrow thanks for joining have a
great Saturday locals I'm coming at you
in 30 seconds and the rest of you on X
and YouTube and Rumble thanks for
joining
e
e
e for