boom oh what a good day it is it's
always a good day but today a little
better than usual today is a very
special coffee with Scott Adams special
because the content will be so so good
and better than that more than content
we will also be sharing the simultaneous
step oh yeah it makes your coffee
75% better science has proven and now if
you will raise your mug your vessel your
glass your container with your favorite
beverage coffee preferred mmm oh that's
good now we have a theme song for a
coffee with Scott Adams you already know
how that goes
sing it with me everybody alright that's
enough of that but what we also need I
think is is a dance a dance to get us
going I know Ellen on The Ellen Show
likes to dance with her audience but I
thought well you know I'd like to do
some of that too so I was looking around
for what would be a good dance for this
audience and I thought oh I saw one on a
clip and it's actually Prime Minister
Theresa May and she's visiting an
African country and she was doing a
dance that I think I'd like to do for
you as well I hope you can see it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right I thought that was pretty good
now you're probably thinking to yourself
that I'm going to make fun of Theresa
May for her dancing skills but you'd be
wrong
I'm pretty sure that one of the reasons
that Theresa May is prime minister and
you're not this is if she can do that
and by that I don't mean dance poorly
anybody can dance poorly but what she
can do is she can stand in front of the
world and do something that she's not
good at think about the power of that
now
I'm sure people gave her gave her some
hard times about it but I'm not going to
I give her an A+ for having one of the
most essential qualities of success
which she demonstrated right there which
is a complete lack of embarrassment now
that doesn't mean that in her private
life or in her private moments she
doesn't feel embarrassment but it's
pretty obvious that she's worked through
it right it's not it's not stopping her
it's not slowing her down so she might
feel you know embarrassed or awkward at
times like everybody else in the world
but it's not stopping her so I'm gonna
give Theresa May and a plus for having
an essential leadership skill which is
the ability to just put yourself out
there ability to take a chance all right
so now I did not pull out my mic but
I've got two microphones here for
another reason let's talk about a couple
other things I was curious about health
care and you you may have seen a
thought experiment that I put on Twitter
I did a Twitter poll in which I asked
the following question now of course
this question is not a realistic
question what's the thought experiment
to get a little deeper understanding of
what people feel about healthcare and I
asked this I said if the government of
the United States it is plugged in my
mic is plugged in I'm not going to
answer any more questions about the
sandwich okay seriously if you ask about
the sound again I'm going to stop the
stop to broadcast all right so I asked
this question if you if the government
of the United States could pay only five
dollars per year total not per person
not per day but just five dollars actual
just five dollars per year and give
health care to everybody
excellent high-quality health care now
let's say the cost would never go up and
there would be no problems how many
people would be okay with that
or would they say no that socialism and
surprisingly a huge number of people
said that they would not allow people in
their country to have health care if it
personally cost them one millionth of a
penny because they don't agree with
socialism yeah I do have a light behind
me let me fix that so
amazingly people are so committed to
their anti-socialist philosophy they
even in a thought experiment in which I
said you seriously wouldn't pay
personally one millionth of a penny or
one millionth of a dollar whatever it
comes out to to to provide universal
health care that's excellent and there's
no problems at all
except for that cost of a millionth of a
dollar and a lot of people said now know
it's a hard line no socialism so what I
was trying to get at is remember the old
joke I'm just gonna start blocking all
the people who say the microphones not
working I was getting at the joke that
you remember I think it was a PT Barnum
talking - no was a PT Barnum was
somebody talking to Mae West and said
this old joke which is hey would you
would you sleep with me for a million
dollars and she was reportedly said at
just in the joke for and she said Oh
million dollars well gosh maybe I would
and then he says would you sleep with me
for twenty dollars and then she says
what kind of woman do you think I am and
then he says we've already established
what kind of woman you are now we're
just talking price so what I was
wondering is if there's a similar thing
going on with socialism and healthcare
is it really the socialism we care about
or is it the cost because you might act
differently if it's a philosophical
hardline versus you think well it's not
the socialism that's the problem it's
the problem that it doesn't work or that
the government never does anything right
or that the price will go up or that we
don't trust it or whatever so I was
trying to drill down to find out WC
field
was the one in that joke you were
correct not PT Barnum we're trying to
figure out I was trying to figure out
what is it is it the fear of the
government ruining everything is that
that you don't like the idea of any of
your money you're going to help somebody
else just where is the dividing line and
it was interesting so a number of people
said anything the government does is
going to be bad news but the government
does lots of stuff for us like
collective defense and it builds roads
for all of us etc so sometimes you just
have to get the government involved and
then I said to myself what would it
really cost we're hearing a lot of folks
who are being labeled as democratic
socialists Bernie Sanders being the
primary person here talking about
universal health care or so-called
single-payer the single-payer being the
government in this hypothetical and and
they're saying well if other countries
could work it out
why can't we work in out which is
actually a pretty good argument it's a
it's a pretty persuasive argument to say
look these other countries have figured
it now why can't we figure it out
now of course there's a lot more to know
in this conversation than just those
things but I started asking a few
questions to myself and the first
question was what would it care okay I'm
blocking all the people who are saying
my mic doesn't work I said what would it
cost for universal health care and
what's our total and how big a
percentage is that compared to our total
you know intake of all right blocking
all the people who say that mic doesn't
work what would it cost and what is our
total intake for taxes so I'm trying to
get an idea what is it as a percentage
of the total tax and here's the numbers
I came up with from PolitiFact now
PolitiFact looked into it and on the
high end
and I think you have to assume it would
be on the high end it would cost two
point five trillion per year for health
care and I think I got that right but
our total tax intake every year is like
three point three trillion so how much
would everyone's federal taxes have to
go up in order to absorb the extra two
point five trillion if we only bring in
three point three trillion in the first
place I think it's something like 75%
now I probably have my numbers wrong and
somebody will embarrassingly correct me
but remember I've got the Theresa May
thing working for me I don't get that
embarrassed just as I'm doing math wrong
in public but the the general idea here
is why don't we know how much
everybody's taxes would go up just
imagine in a sort of a thought
experiment way if you were to just raise
everyone's taxes by the same percentage
whether it's everybody's up by ten
percent or everybody's up by a fifty
percent what is that number that would
get you to universal health care and the
number I came up with is seventy five
percent of tax increase now I might have
that wrong but if it's somewhere in that
50 percent to seventy five percent range
it seems like that's the number that the
Republicans or the people who are not in
favor of this should be focusing on
instead of saying they want universal
health care why don't they say they'd
like to raise your taxes seventy five
percent to give you universal health
care and then you've got both the costs
and the benefits if people can decide if
people want their taxes go up
seventy-five percent maybe they like
that now here's the problem I don't see
any mathematical way or any practical or
economic way that any of this is
possible or even close
not even close
so under those conditions what do you do
so it seems to me that we're being lied
to
I mean we all of us doesn't it feel like
we're being lied to
on this topic of health care because I
don't understand how other countries
could be doing this but the only way we
could do it is by raising our taxes by
seventy five percent across the board
now of course since you wouldn't raise
taxes on the middle class by seventy
five percent when you kind of have to
raise taxes on the rich by 90 percent
I mean roughly speaking just sort of in
terms of very general terms it would be
impractical to raise taxes on the middle
class by seventy five percent it would
be a waste of time to raise taxes on the
lower-class by seventy five percent
because they don't have any money
they're not paying any federal taxes in
the first place so all you have left is
the rich and unless I've done my math
wrong something like a ninety percent
tax increase which would by anybody's
calculation destroy the you know the the
fabric of society because rich people
would just leave or they'd find some way
to pay no taxes at all I mean I would
let me say this as clearly as possible
if the US tax code raised my taxes by
seventy five percent I would leave the
country in the heartbeat
wouldn't you is there anybody here who
wouldn't leave the country if their
personal taxes went up seventy five
percent so that's that so there's
something about this health care topic
that we're being lied to about because
the numbers don't make sense so somebody
needs to explain to me the numbers
before I even think I'm in a
conversation all right next topic I'm
hearing some pushback from the press
mostly
say that it's dangerous for the
president to criticize the press because
his criticisms and criticisms of the
press as being quote the enemy of the
people are causing some risk of physical
danger to the press a risk that some nut
is going to say enemy of the people
I'd better go take a weapon and do
something about this we hope we hope
nothing like that happens and and so the
president is being criticized for
creating a situation where it would be
dangerous to be the press to which I say
well let's look at the full picture he's
not doing that just for fun he's doing
it because the press has characterized
Trump supporters as literal racists and
Nazis literal racists and Nazis in other
words people who were worthy of being
punched by empty fog or anybody else now
that's a very dangerous situation and
we've seen plenty of reports of Trump
supporters being harassed and physically
accosted so in in such a world is it
dangerous for the president put pressure
on the media who are creating this
unsafe situation with you know 30% of
the country or does it make it less
dangerous because it's it's a needed
push back in terms of freedom of speech
in other words is the president's
freedom of speech which does create some
danger for the press it does I'm not
going to deny it
it does create real physical danger for
the press but it is a print a push back
for the press creating real physical
danger for people like me now to see you
then make me less safe yes CNN's
coverage the way it does the way it does
it makes me personally because I talked
about the president a lot in in positive
ways it makes me 30% less wealthy
because you know there's a lot of
pushback and I am in physical danger to
the point where I don't do public events
anymore because I wouldn't consider it
safe to go in in public why is that it's
not because the public came up with
these opinions on their own the public
gets their opinion from the fake news
they get their opinions from the press
now I know some of you might be thinking
hey it's not just one side that has the
fake news
what about Fox News there they've got
some fake press - well yes everything
but all sides are guilty of some some
spin some bias some fake news now and
then but I don't see the Fox News
version making it dangerous for anybody
I don't see Fox News calling people
snowflakes putting them in physical
danger but I do see CNN and MSNBC and
New York Times Washington Post calling a
third of the country actual white
supremacist and racist that very much
puts them in physical danger so if the
president's calling these groups the
enemies of the people create create some
physical risk I don't want anybody to
get hurt
but it is a reasonable response to
having his supporters put in physical
risk by fake news now I'm not talking
about real news I'm talking about the
fake news specifically and there's so
much of it that it does put Trump
supporters in physical risk so if if the
president pushes back and pushes some
risk back in that way I'd say that's
probably a healthy situation what would
be less healthy than letting the press
create a dangerous situation for a third
of the country where it would be just
okay to attack them and everybody would
say well you know make sure it's illegal
but we're okay with it
they're Nazis anyway what would be more
dangerous than that you need a little
pushback from that and so the press is
taking a little bit of risk on their own
and showed I think it's appropriate that
the risk is part of the pushback but I
don't want anybody to get hurt
and I'm not and I you know want to say
as clearly as possible don't do anything
physical or even intimidating about the
press that would not be a good situation
all right let's talk about my favorite
topic it I heard a report yesterday I'm
waiting for some confirmations I think I
might not have the whole story yet but I
was hearing that there are 14
organizations within the administration
the Trump administration that are
organizing to put out a negative message
about weed marijuana and apparently the
thinking is that they're there too much
too many positive things out there about
marijuana and they need to balance it
with some negative things to which I say
to myself what what now here's what I
think happened now this is just
speculation but I'm trying to imagine
how the conversation went because I'm
hearing some some pundits say they think
that Jeff Sessions is behind this not
President Trump
now imagine that now that sounds maybe
like it's right because sessions doesn't
like weed the president reportedly
doesn't have a strong anti weed opinion
so maybe it is Jeff Sessions who's
organizing against wheat but I'm trying
to imagine how that conversation went
because you imagine that somebody went
to the president maybe it wasn't
sessions himself and said to the
president some version of this
mr. president we're we're thinking Jeff
Sessions has asked us to if this
happened this just speculated Jeff's
Jeff Sessions asked us to pull together
you know as much information as we can
on the negative effects of weed you know
as part of our push to make it continue
continue to be illegal what do you think
about that do we have your blessing and
I can imagine president Trump hearing
that and saying some version of Scheuer
why don't you go ahead and do that fine
have you connected the dots yet here's
the scenario that's starting to come
together
I see the Hoss
some of you are ahead of me already
right the other story in the news is
that the president would like to fire
jeff Sessions if the president fired
Jeff Sessions today the only story would
be my god he fired Jeff Sessions because
of Muller he must be guilty the world is
ending the government is falling apart
we've got impeach this man right so
that's what the story would be if the
president got his way today and just
fired Jeff Sessions which he's hinting
about but suppose Jeff Sessions took a
hard stand a stand against marijuana and
wanted to keep it illegal now let's say
the president said I don't like that
idea there's you know 10% of the people
in prison are there for marijuana stuff
I don't like what it does to the
minority population in this country I
don't like the expense it causes I'm
gonna fire Jeff Sessions and make sure
that weed does not become a problem now
suddenly he can fire Jeff Sessions
who on the left is going to complain
about
president Trump favoring favoring that
that outcome all right so people still
asking about the audio so I'm if you
knew I'm blocking everybody who
complains about the audio because it
ruins the it ruins the periscope when
everybody is just interrupting me with
problems about the audio when I already
know that the rest of you can hear
because you cuz you said it said it's
fine so anyway I think it would be a
genius thing all right here's here's my
bigger point I wanted to make today and
by the way I'm gonna do another
periscope at about 45 minutes I'm gonna
do a separate periscope give you a
little update on my startup went up some
exciting things happen there and don't
tell me it's a Kuwait because I'm gonna
block you cuz I already know that so
here's my point it seems to me that for
those of you who read my book had a
failed almost everything and still would
make you probably know my thinking about
systems versus goals a system is
something you're doing every day
something that moves you closer to your
to your outcome a goal was just saying I
want X I want this specific thing does
it seem to you that Democrats are goal
thinkers and Republicans are systems
thinkers does it seem to you that that's
the case
because let me give you some examples
when Democrats talked about health care
they say something like I want health
care for everybody that's a goal I would
like that too except I don't know any
system that would get you there so so
I'll be talking to dr. Shiva next week
about some systems that might get us
there
excuse me think about think about
anything else think about the topic I
was just talking about which is danger
to the media of the person criticizing
them what the left says is hey stop
putting stop putting the press in danger
by saying there's the enemy of the
people that would be a goal stop putting
them in danger that's a goal a system
would be let's use free speech to
balance out any of these problems so
that's the Democrat the Republican
saying hey the president has freedom of
speech to press has freedom of speech
president has freedom of speech if they
make it dangerous for Trump supporters
Trump supporters might make it dangerous
for them because that's that's how
things balance out so that's a system if
you if you look at let's say gun rights
the left would say my goal is to have no
guns be killing people or some version
of that
ya know no gun deaths well how do you
get there you know what's what's the
system to get you there because the
systems we know of wouldn't really work
in this country the right says we've got
a system it's called the Constitution
everybody just follows it if everybody
gets done training you know if yet if
you have if you put a train the honest
gun person in these anti-gun zones you
know then the same gun gets there faster
let's enter but and whether or not you
agree with one side of the other my
point here is that one tends to always
think about the system you know what's
the system is it in the Constitution
have we voted on it are we using free
speech these are all systems so
Republicans are systems thinkers even
even the economy you see the president
lowering taxes to improve improve the
system and and what do you the the
Democrats say hey you you know giving
money to the rich well that's you know
that works against our goal of whatever
income inequality or something like that
so the point is look for how often you
see that Democrats or just people on the
Left don't think in terms of entire
systems they think in terms of a goal
and the goal is usually one you don't
even disagree with if you're on the
right so there's nobody on the right who
once who wants more gun deaths there's
nobody on the right who doesn't want you
to have health care there's no one than
the right who wants I don't know wants
children to be separated from their
parents at the border
there's nobody nobody on the right who
wants that so when the left talks about
let's don't do these things or do these
things they're talking about goals but
there are always free-floating ideas
that don't have anything
you with all right so we're getting more
complaints about the same I'm going to
get off of this now too many complaints
about the sound but at 8 o'clock I'm
going to do a special little lot
periscope or a little bit after a maybe
my syrup went up which I think will be
amazing some really big announcements so
it's going to be good to be fun and I
hope you join me for that that'll be a
quick one and I will talk to you later