[Music]
hey everybody fresh Millions how you
doing come on in
here oh yeah I got my dragon energy on
you're right you noticed dragon energy
or is it
coffee what are the odds that I would
have a periscope show called coffee with
Scott Adams at the same time that the
founder of Starbucks Howard Schultz is
in the news I get to drink coffee while
talking about coffee yeah it's the best
it's the best day
ever and let us raise our mug our glass
our our cup our container our chalice
our Stein our thermos if you will fill
it with your favorite beverage I like
coffee and join me for the sign aneous
hip oh yeah that's a good
one so um as you know Camala Harris did
a a town hall meeting with CNN in which
she
said in her Preferred healthc Care um
proposals of the future that maybe
private insurance companies would just
go away and then a day later she said
well well maybe not go away maybe they
can stay around and everybody said my
God she's just changing her mind she did
not think this
through she uh she's a
flip-flopper get her get her cuz she
changed her mind because she got better
information and she clarified her
thinking kill
her what what kind of world do you want
to live in do you want to live in a
world where somebody says something
that's not a good idea in public and
then they just have to stick with it
even after everybody tells them it's not
a good idea is that what you want you
don't want that
world you're living in a perfect
situation if a politician says something
in public the the public Rises up as one
and says oh I don't think you mean that
and then they change their change their
view and say no okay I'll go with the
public is that a problem that's the the
opposite of a problem that's that's
things going in the right direction now
how much how much grief should we give
her for not having Health Care all
thought
out well maybe a little bit but does it
really matter at this stage I mean it is
so early that nobody really has their
policies completely thought out they're
all going to change they're all going to
morph do you remember when um candidate
Trump said in public when asked do you
think that women who seek illegal
abortions not not legal ones but illegal
ones should be punished and the
president said yes now he hadn't he was
not obviously uh he was a candidate then
but he obviously was not aware of the
argument and the argument was that even
though in that hypothetical scenario if
a woman was were getting an illegal
abortion uh so we're not talking about
legal abortions here but illegal ones if
she got an illegal one Trump thought
well of course if you break the law why
wouldn't you be punished so his first
thought was just sort of the Common
Sense thought and then people said no no
if you do that it's going to be worse
than than than if you punished them it
actually would make the world a worse
place because it would be punishing the
woman who's kind of the victim already
so he heard the argument and the very
next day he said change my opinion that
the the woman should not be punished
only the
doctor
now do you hate president Trump for
listening to a better argument listening
to the will of the people and then
conforming to it I don't know how you
can be mad at that all right it's pretty
normal that people have you know a hole
in their thinking it gets filled in and
then you go oh okay that's my new
opinion I better thinking better data
stronger argument I changed my mind
right
away that's a pretty good sign all right
um uh that that's not an analogy
somebody
said it's not an analogy it's a real
thing that
happened I'm not saying they're
identical I'm saying that uh it's normal
for people to change their mind
so uh while I know you all want to find
many reasons to jump on Cala Harris
changing your mind about some detail of
healthc care 2 years before an
election is not really the the thing you
want to go for now if you want to go for
her for her opinion on abortion or if
you want to go after her for her opinion
on Health Care the way it currently
stands that's all fair but changing your
mind to a better opinion
that's something we'd want more of not
less of so I wouldn't I wouldn't make a
big deal about
that all right um I'm fascinated what
you thought for those of you who watched
the Camala Harris town hall or any clips
from it so if you saw any clips from
that what did you think of her
Charisma um CU you may have seen that
morning Joe was uh slobbering all over
her performance
saying that she filled the stage and she
looked like a president and all of
that
um yeah so I'm wondering I'm just
looking at your comments so most of you
are saying
um no Charisma bad voice Hillary 2.0
Etc and that that was also my my
impression my impression was
um an
almost startling lack of
Charisma but do you think that it's
being received exactly that way by her
supporters I'll bet not I'll bet her
supporters were looking at exactly the
same movie we were of her town hall and
they were saying man look at that look
at that command of the stage look at her
you know competently answering all these
questions look at her going from topic
to topic having a you know a confident
strong opinion on it my guess is that
this is entirely a bias-based opinion so
don't make too much of the fact that you
don't think she has Charisma cuz she's
not really talking to you if you're
let's say if you're a trump supporter
she's really talking to her base and if
they liked it if they liked
it might be okay you know I made the
same point
with the videos um you know she did the
video of her laughing and dancing and
you know telling telling us what her
favorite songs were and stuff like that
and and I said don't use your own
reaction to that to guess what other
people are reacting to because probably
that helped her even if it looked a
little cringeworthy to people who were
biased against
her all right
let me
uh talk about Howard
Schultz I didn't think that Howard
Schultz was going to be
interesting but I'm pretty wrong about
that so you can never you can never
really know what the news will decide is
is the story they can't release on and
Howard Schulz apparently is on a he's on
a book tour so if you go on a book tour
there's probably nothing better you can
do than saying you might run for
president because then you get all the
attention in the new world and his book
will sell a lot and he doesn't ever need
to run for president he can just sort of
threaten it and then he's forever the
person who could have been president so
saying you might run for president is
probably a pretty good plan running for
president is a different decision uh my
prediction on Howard Schultz is that
running for president would destroy the
Starbucks
brand and that's not something I think
he could do uh and I say that because he
he's built it it's his baby and um it's
a public company right and they're so
they're uh yeah it's public company so
he's got stockh holders that he's
obliged to he's I'm sure he has much of
his own fortune still in the
stock it would be a terrible
disservice to the people who work at
Starbucks and the stockholders and all
the people who depend on
them to destroy the brand and it would
destroy the brand you know you're
already seeing uh Democrats saying that
they won't go to Starbucks if he runs
so here's my prediction um he's going to
make noise about it he's going to give
us our opinions he's going to sell some
books we'll probably see a lot from him
but in the
end it would be too much of an ask for
him to destroy his brand now you might
say you might say well what about Trump
trump had the same situation right he
had a Famous Brand he knew that running
for office would make half of the
country hate his brand and he did it so
why wouldn't Howard schilz do the same
thing well here are a few reasons number
one there's nobody quite like Trump all
right so you can't really compare
anything he does to anybody else cuz he
just doesn't make ordinary choices yeah
and somebody got ahead of me in the
comments here the the bigger thing is
that Trump the Trump brand is a family
business and a family business he can
he's got a little more freedom he he can
do you know he he can do whatever his
family is okay with and he's okay with
and you know it's a different level of
risk than taking down a public
company and and I would say that
probably Trump has a bigger appetite for
risk just in general
um and he's you know he's probably
substantially older than
uh than Howard Schultz you know it's
sort of his his you know big final act
you know probably so there's a different
situation uh but I love watching uh
CNN continually cover Schultz in a
negative way
so I think today there were either two
or three negative stories about about
Schultz on
CNN let me let me see I'll just call it
up uh analysis this is CNN's homepage
analysis Howard Schulz is the answer no
one is looking for now I haven't read
the article but that's the headline on
CNN the answer no one's looking
for then there's Cole bear roasts Schulz
presidential bit
so they go to Cole bear to help help
mock Schultz out of the
office um all right so that's two
headlines on Schultz and he's not even
in the race
yet all right so um one of the things
that Schultz is doing is by being a
reasonable Democrat he's sort of making
the rest of them look foolish
by
comparison and you know what I mean
right so if if if Schultz comes in and
just says Howard Schulz and just says a
bunch of reasonable things that even
maybe a republican could like a little
bit you know um for example he came out
and said of course you don't want to get
rid of insurance
companies so
um he's he's sort of making his side
look bad and it's going to drive MSNBC
and CNN crazy and even funnier I'm
watching the Fox News treatment of
Howard Schultz how do you think how do
you think Fox News is treating Howard
Schultz who presumably would be on the
the other side from Fox News they're
being kind of nice to
him yeah Fox
News pretty pretty nice to Howard
Schultz because they'd love to see him
in the race because he probably would
guarantee a uh Trump Victory I'm not
sure I'm going to say that yet but
that's the thinking all right speaking
of health care I'm going to throw out a
health
care plan for you okay um I might throw
out some other health care plans as as
time goes on and the context for
anything I say about Healthcare is that
I'm no healthcare expert but it does
seem to me that we're locked into too
few choices we've got one
hand uh Medicare for
all and on the other hand let the market
do it and we don't really talk about
much else all right every once in a
while a little bit but I want to throw
some ideas in here that are that are
sort of so far out of the mainstream
that they might they might make you
think a little bit uh it might improve
it might improve the portfolio of ideas
even if you don't like my idea okay it
makes just make you think different
differently
suppose
suppose um the government sponsored
maybe maybe they don't manage it but
maybe they just allow it or promote
it so don't get hung up on whether the
government is behind it or not um they
could just be promoting this let's say
there was a lowcost health care plan for
people who wanted to give up um all of
their
privacy but without their name on it so
in other words let's say people wanted
to give up all of their health care
records as well as all of their
lifestyle choices as might be measured
by you know a Fitbit or sensors or their
smartphone or you maybe they fill on a
survey now and then so the idea would be
that in in return for free health care
you would give up all of your privacy
but here's the key it would all be
encrypted without your name so that
you'd be giving your Healthcare
information but your name would not be
attached to it and that and that
information would be available to uh
other researchers now why is that a good
idea now first of all let me say anybody
who reacts to this by saying it's a
stupid idea because you wouldn't give up
your health care you wouldn't give up
your privacy that would be a stupid
response cuz it's
optional right
so if you say my God I would never give
up my privacy therefore it's a bad idea
you're not even in the same conversation
because nobody's saying it's it's
mandatory it's purely optional in return
for free health care you don't have to
do it if you don't want
to but suppose you had that what would
be the
value to the country for not only having
more people on Healthcare but the value
of that information well let me give you
an example
let me give you an
example I am personally aware of several
situations in which people had very
long-term serious medical problems that
they could not figure out what the
problem was once they did figure out
what the problem was there was an easy
solution but it could take years and
years of not knowing why you have a
problem and I'm being generic here cuz I
don't want to give away anybody's Health
Secrets but had we had a big
database of all the things that people
were doing all the health problems they
had and all of the things they tried to
solve it the problems I'm talking about
would have been solved in an hour so
instead of decades or years to solve a
you know lifelong Major Medical problem
it could be solved in an hour if we had
enough data about what other people are
doing to solve the same problem cuz
somebody's going to hit on it by
accident right somebody's going to be
you know eating more leafy greens
somebody's going to be you know to give
up their cat and you know the just a lot
of people doing a lot of stuff so if you
had big data you could find that so the
first thing I'm going to state is that
giving away healthc care lifestyle
information without your name attached
to it it's all just encrypted nobody
knows it's you but in theory somebody
could connect it to someday if they
tried hard enough um so that's the
Privacy risk probably would have
tremendous value that would lower
healthare costs for the other people
that's the key all right so if one group
gave up all of its healthc care
information and then we could learn for
example that hey if you have this
problem you should eat more eat more
vegetables whatever whatever the answer
is that all of the other people who did
not give up their health care
information still benefit from what we
learned so it could lower Everybody's
Health care costs here's the second part
suppose you were in this lowcost health
care plan and you had to always agree to
the following that if you needed certain
types of Hospital tests and let's say
just noninvasive ones invasive ones so
if you needed say an
x-ray if you were in the free healthcare
plan you had to agree to get two X-Rays
one using the normal technology and
another using a startups technology that
was looking to build let's say the the
lowcost version of the X-ray or the low
cost version of an MRI or the low cost
version of a lab test or the lowc cost
version of a of a skin test so for
almost everything that's got a big
margin of profit there's a startup
already working on the
alternative but the alternative is not
yet approved and you don't know if the
alternative is going to be as good as
the original you know might might the
alternative missed some things that the
original could have done better so for a
while what is best to get the new stuff
into production is to test it in
parallel with the old one so somebody
comes guinea pig
uh nonivasive all right a guinea pig
would be somebody who took a drug all
right nothing I'm saying would cause any
kind of a change in the in the customer
all right so nothing I'm suggesting
would change the body or the health of
the customer they would simply have a
choice of you get the regular x-ray but
then just walk across the room to the
other room and we will give you the
alternative X-ray and you'll have two
x-rays so it takes a little longer but
nobody's touching your body right you
you you don't have any you're not taking
a drug you're not you know you're not
having anything removed from your body
just nonin invasive stuff um and then
who would pay for your tests the startup
so the startup needs to test their
technology so the startup could pay pay
for your startup test and also pay for
your X-ray your standard x-ray or your
standard test whatever it
is so now you've got two things going on
that are free for this lowcost health
care you give up your privacy you report
on some of your outcomes you have to
take two tests in only the cases where
there is a non-invasive test and there
is a startup locally if there isn't one
then it's just free um and then lastly
maybe some kind of uh you know uh what
do you call it uh crisis health care for
the real expensive stuff which would be
lower cost so I just throw that idea out
there I'm not saying that's a good idea
but it's different than what you've
heard so it might stimulate somebody to
come up with a better
idea
um I want to talk
about here's here's a question just a
thought
experiment um one of the things that
people say about uh
immigrants whether they are legal or
illegal people say and I would imagine
this is probably true anecdotally it it
looks true to me but I can't prove it
they say that the crime rate with
immigrants both legal and illegal if you
put them together is lower than the
crime rate among the the citizens who
are who were legal citizens now or or
among the
non-immigrants um now some people are
saying it's false some some people are
saying it's true that isn't my point for
today I'm just saying that that's a
conversation all right I don't have I
don't have the data anecdotally it feels
like it's
true okay so so many of you calling BS
on it I'm going to have to call BS on
your BS which I wasn't planning to do
but here's the argument a lot of the
immigrants in this country are uh
college educated folks who came over to
get jobs in Tech you know all right the
people who came here from India with
Advanced degrees to get jobs in Tech
probably have a low crime rate wouldn't
you think I'm pretty sure that's true
right so so people who came here for
jobs with high educations did everything
legally of course they have a better
lower crime rate that would be the same
as if we looked at our own college
educated people with high-tech jobs
probably a low crime rate right secondly
uh having worked in the restaurant
industry for a while I I did come into
contact with vast numbers of people who
you never know but you assume some
percentage of these have fake
documentation so I assume I've come into
contact with lots of people who were not
legal one of the things they all had in
common is they like to stay on a trouble
because they had a double a double
penalty crime and deportation so it it
was far worse to you know you didn't
even want to get caught for speeding
because you would be deported or you had
that risk so
anecdotally again this is not Based on
data but anecdotally it looked true to
me that that they the immigrants seem to
be minding their own business pretty
hard you know trying to stay
dle now uh which is not to say that
there isn't plenty of crime or too much
one of the dumb things that people like
to do is is if there's a number of
something and there's also a percentage
of that same thing you just ignore the
one that doesn't go your way so the
Democrats are ignoring the number of
crimes that come in through illegal
immigration the the acting like the
number of crimes doesn't matter as long
as the percentage is low which doesn't
make any sense because if somebody
murders you you don't really care that
the rate of murder is low do you you
kind of care if you got
murdered so if you can reduce crime it
shouldn't matter that much it shouldn't
matter that much that the percentage is
low if you can just make it go away
um but here's my provocative
thought if if I were to say to you here
are here are two populations which of
them is likely to have the lowest crime
rate are you
ready who has the lower crime rate
people who wear Mega hats or people who
don't I'm just going to let that sit
there for a
minute if you were if you look at the
crime rate of the United
States if you look at the total crime
rate of the United States including all
of the legal residents and all of the
illegal ones too you can throw the
immigrants in there just to lower the
crime rate according to the people on
the left all right who do you think has
the lowest crime rate people who wear
Maga hats or people who have never worn
a Maga
hat think about it right I I almost
guarantee you that the people who wear
Maga hats are the least
likely to cause
trouble now I can't prove that but uh it
feels true doesn't
it and and doesn't that it kind of
changes your whole just putting it in
that frame just completely
changed the argument in your head at
least now of course you know people who
hate the meah hats are certainly not
going to buy into that argument but I
want some I want some of you to try it
out and I I'll tell you what made me
think of
this
um no I'm not going to tell you what
made me think of this because I just
realized it could be misinterpreted so
I'm not going to tell you
um so try that out try try try out the
uh the notion that people with mega hats
have by far the lowest crime rate it
doesn't even need to be true it just
feels like you're probably is
true and it's funny um and and by the
way I'm going to say at at the same at
the same time I'm going to say uh that
if you wear your maggot hat in
public oh let's talk about this so there
are three things that got conflated when
people were talking about uh people who
wear Maga hats and the Covington kids
Etc and and that provoked the comparison
to uh when women are told that they
should not wear provocative clothing
because some people will say oh if
you're dressing like that you must be
asking for it and then it was also
compared to um Trayvon Martin Trayvon
Martin who was wearing a hoodie and then
people said oh if you wear a hoodie
you're going to be looking like a
criminal so maybe you're asking for it
so there are three examples in which
somebody said well if you do that you're
asking for it they'd say if you wear
your mega hat you're of course you're
asking for trouble if you dress
provocatively you're asking for trouble
if you wear a hoodie you're asking for
trouble
now uh here's the bad thinking on all
three of
them there we we tend and we do this for
a lot of topics we tend to
conflate the legal responsibility in
other words who goes to jail for
what with common
sense all right and we act like somehow
they're the same thing and they're
not
legally if somebody attacks you for
wearing an article of clothing which is
a totally legal article of clothing from
a legal perspective that is 100% the
responsibility of the
attacker
0% of legal or moral responsibility is
assigned to the victim and should be
right the person with the Maga hat
should not be blamed if they get beat
up the person provoc dressing
provocatively absolutely should not be
blamed legally or morally if they're
attacked even though they were dressed
provocatively and likewise the person in
the hoodie or let's just say somebody
who's you dressing uh in a way that
other people say looks like a gang and
if they get in trouble it should not be
not even any it should be zero
responsibility legally and morally of
the person who wore those clothes cuz
those clothes are for sale you can wear
clothes they're legal to wear
clothes
but a separate question is whether it's
smart if you're going to do your own uh
risk
management is a good risk management to
wear the wrong gang colors in the wrong
neighborhood well it's legal it's
legal but you're going to get your ass
kicked so you need to separate risk
management from what is morally and
legally okay it's totally morally and
legally okay for me to wear you know red
in the Crips neighborhood or what
whichever is the bad one I forget Which
Way gets you killed it's either red or
blue
uh but is it good risk management for me
to say I'm going to go into this this
gang neighborhood I'm going to wear
whatever I want because legally and
morally legally and morally I get to
wear whatever I want and then they kill
you and you say darn it didn't you know
that I'm legally and morally able to
wear whatever I want in your
neighborhood and the person who killed
you said yeah I didn't
care so um
here's my point on that
arguing who is legally and morally at
fault is all well and good we're
probably all on the same side on that
but you still have to talk about risk
management it's your life here you're
risking so I would
say uh if you're wearing your Maga hat
in public given the current state of
politics you are inviting
risk but if somebody attacks you that's
completely on them you know morally
ethically legally it's on the attacker
100% it's not on you but if you wear
your hat in public you have increased
your risk so don't you know don't
complain to me if somebody if if you
know if somebody attacks you I'm on your
side but you're also a dumbass you know
if you thought it wasn't going to happen
you're a dumbass now having said that
there are certainly going to be some
people who are going to wear it almost
for that reason you know to make a point
because they think they they want to
extend their you know let's say freedom
and if you're doing it for that reason
I'm okay with that right if you're
wearing your magga hat with the the
understanding that your risk is higher
and you're doing it to to make a point
you're doing it to make a political
statement you're doing it to broaden the
right for other people who might want to
wear that hat if that's important to
you I'm all for it but just know you
risk all right um I saw that Byron York
used a uh interesting term for Democrats
he's calling them uh border barrier
deniers that denier term tends to be it
just creeps into a lot of things and it
really works
um and I and I was thinking about you
know the uh Democrats like to accuse the
Republicans of being science deniers for
on a number of fronts right and they're
not wrong by the way uh the Republican
side does have far less let's say belief
in science that's maybe the harder to
demonstrate kind of science right if if
you can't demonstrate it in a lab or
demon it with math it's tougher to get
Republicans to buy into it that's I
think that's generally true uh but I was
looking at the things that Democrats
deny and being a a wall
denier just feels kind of stupid doesn't
it how can how can you be Pro science
and deny the walls
work how is that oh yeah there's and the
antivaxers are uh uh are science deniers
as well essentially but they also deny
uh
capitalism if you're a Democrat yeah
they're they're economics deniers right
so it seems unambiguously true that
capitalism has
produced everything that the Democrats
want to steal from people who have money
only exists because there was capitalism
at one point right like you can't even
have socialism until somebody made a
bunch of money to
steal I'm simplifying it just for fun
but the only reason the people are
talking about raising taxes on the rich
is that we had some kind of a system
that made people rich as soon as you
take away the the money of the rich you
don't have that system anymore uh I
would definitely lose leave the country
let let me say this as clearly as
possible if my taxes go to
70% I'm leaving the country
that's a promise all right if my taxes
go to
70% I'm out of here I'm freaking out of
here
now um and why wouldn't anybody what
what person in the right mind would pay
a 70% tax yeah we forget that in the old
days when there were 70% tax there were
all these writeoffs so it wasn't really
70% it was you know you do all these
write offs and and clever things until
it was down to like 30% or something but
if you don't have all those writeoffs
and it's just
70% I'm finding me a new country and and
but that's completely
serious you know I don't think we'll
ever have a 70% tax on at least my
income but I wouldn't stay around for
that who the hell
would all right uh let's talk about the
worst arguments on
climate are you ready now this is a
public service and I I realize that I'm
talking to mostly people who are
skeptical about climate science because
that's the type of crowd that has been
attracted to my periscopes and my
personal opinion is that 60% of
everything you hear on both sides both
the climate scientists and the Skeptics
around 60% of it is to me transparently
ridiculous what I don't know is which
side has the the 40% that's true I
haven't figured that out yet so in other
words one of the two sides the Skeptics
versus the majority of climate
scientists one of those two sides is
probably completely right meaning that
either things are warming up because of
CO2 and it's going to be dangerous or
not right one of those two is right but
what I know is that the majority of what
we see in the arguments and here I'm
only talking about the argument not not
the underlying reality but in terms of
the argument my current conclusion is
that about 60% of everything we see from
both sides is just flat out ridiculous
so I don't know what to do with that yet
I'm still digging down but let me tell
you the most ridiculous arguments about
climate change are you ready if you're
using any of these arguments you need to
go deeper or get out of the argument cuz
these are just dumb arguments
okay number one I've seen this five
times in 24 hours just random people on
Twitter people saying the temperature
has always changed historically it's
always going up or it's always going
down therefore the fact that the
temperature is going up means nothing
that my friend
is the dumbest argument in all of this
in the entire topic that is the dumbest
argument let me tell you why yes
temperature has always gone up and
always gone down but scientists will
tell you exactly why they'll tell you
how much CO2 there was in the past
they'll tell you the you know the
position of the earth which makes a
difference they'll tell you about you
know what the sun was doing and they'll
put all those things together and
they'll draw a graph and they will
explain completely through lots of
different proxies how the temperature is
understood why it did what it did in the
past now you've probably seen you've
probably seen the skeptic chart that
shows that CO2 and temperature were
moving in different directions or
they're not correlated right most of you
have seen that it's a very there there
are famous skeptical charts that show
that CO2 and temperature were not
correlated in the past those are fake
right if you believe there is a chart
that's that's a correct one showing CO2
in temperature and a phase you've been
duped by a fake chart all right the
reality is that if you put in the
correct variables that science knows
very well that they're actually
correlated right so don't be fooled by
the fake charts showing CO2 and
temperature not correlated in the past
that's been completely explained with a
high level of precision by scientists
okay um secondly the reason that they
think there's something different about
today compared to the fact that
temperatures were always going up and
down in the past what's different is
that they can account for all the
variables that have been going on for
hundreds of thousands of years and those
same variables don't explain the next
100 years unless you throw in man-made
CO2 right so the CO2 change is the only
thing that scientists can find that
existed
forever that's an a whack and correlates
perfectly to the temperatures going up
right now keep in mind I'm not telling
you I'm taking a side in the argument CU
I can't get to the bottom of it I'm just
saying that if you're saying
temperatures have always gone up and
down you you're you're so far from a
good argument that you should abandon it
there might be good
arguments there might be good Arguments
for skepticism but this isn't one of
them you should just abandon it right
away um the other let's see here are the
worst arguments uh the next worst
argument is that warming is
good a bunch of a bunch of uh
people were saying yesterday well what
so what if the Earth is getting warmer
warm is
good now that is maybe the dumbest
argument of all time would somebody
please answer in the comments so that
I'm not the first person that you hear
this from why it's a dumb argument to
say what's wrong with warming warming is
good please in the comments will
somebody
somebody tell me why that argument is
[Music]
dumb there is obviously a limit thank
you in the comments uh and somebody else
gets uh credit also for saying it's the
rate of warming so we're not talking
about it goes up 2 degrees and stays
there we're talking about it just keeps
going up until all hell breaks out Loose
if you take a live Lobster and put it in
a cold pot of water and then turn up the
heat does the lobster say hey warmer is
better yes it does for a little while
and then the lobster gets boiled so if
you're saying that warmer is better you
you should just not even ever talk about
weather if somebody says what's the
weather today you should say I I prefer
not to say anything if you if you're
going to stick with that argument that
is so
bad that there's no limit to how much
warmer it can get and is still better
hey it's still it's better it's better
yep the warmer it gets still better okay
all the crops died yeah the the oceans
have have bar you know the ocean has
risen uh it makes me crazy when people
say warmer is better cuz obviously
there's a limit and nobody's going to
say nobody says it's going to stop I
mean nobody on the climate science says
it's going to stop it's going to keep
going here's the next one that is a bad
bad argument I mean so bad it's like I
SLA myself in the head because these are
arguments in which you don't need to
know anything about climate science to
know these are bad arguments here's
another one CO2 is plant
food tell me why that's a terrible
terrible argument it's true now tell me
why it's a terrible terrible thing to
say it's like it's just dumb it's true
CO2 is essential and they actually pump
it into uh green
houses why is that a dumb
argument uh it's true why is it a bad
argument
oh my
God okay well apparently I have to tell
you to the answer of this I thought this
would be a little more obvious here's
the
problem CO2 is good for plants everybody
agrees scientists agree Skeptics agree
if the CO2 keeps
Rising what happens to the
temperature eventually gets too hot
according to the scientist now again
here I'm here I'm accepting that the
science is true which I can't validate
I'm not a scientist but I'm talking
about the argument all right we can't
get to the truth but I'll just talk
about the argument the argument is that
as CO2 goes up there's a place where
it's great and then there's a place
where there's too much and the too much
might not directly affect the plants but
it will affect the temperature according
to the scientist again that's the part
you might disagree with but the AR
argument is that as the CO2 goes up the
the heat goes up and that if there's too
much
heat you got a lot of problems so
anybody who says CO2 is plant food you
stop
talking just stop talking if you can't
follow that chain of logic to more CO2
causes more heat and eventually there'd
be too much heat and and then you've got
problems with everything if you can't
follow it to that simple place you
should just stop talking all
right then there's the argument that the
temperatures haven't actually gone up
and that they're they're just being
measured wrong and that the scientists
uh are part of a big old
plot
um I'm going to say
tentatively that that's probably a
terrible argument now I've seen a lot of
the Tony heler stuff um and I would say
he's the most one of the most capable of
the Skeptics so he seems to go the
deepest has the most sources presents
his argument in the most coherent way
but I'll just tell you where I am on
this I don't
believe that with all the scientists
working on this and all the ways that
they have to measure
temperature that uh I don't believe that
scientists can't figure out if the
temperature is going up in unprecedented
way it feels to me like that's the sort
of thing they could figure out but I'm
not convinced yet because you know had
for example if 90% of the temperature uh
change is in the
ocean how do you really measure the
temperature in the ocean worldwide and
get an average so it doesn't feel to me
like like I'm as confident as the
scientists are in terms of our ability
to to measure things so I'll say that's
still an open question all right so let
me summarize the terrible arguments
against climate science that you should
never use
are it always changed in the past that's
a terrible argument because we know why
it changed in the past and those things
don't explain why it's changing in the
present CO2 does all right uh CO2 is
plant food a terrible argument because
because the point is more CO2 raises the
temperature and it's the temperature
that's the problem nobody's arguing that
a little more CO2 isn't good for your
plant they're arguing that your plant
will fry all right so stop saying CO2 is
plant food everybody agrees with that
it's not a thinking um
and uh what's the other one oh and then
the other
argument um apparently there's
like a conspiracy theory argument that
the the real reason for climate change
is uh has to do with
socialism and there's there's always
some um there's always some quote taken
out a context from some obscure or semi
obscure person who is involved with the
United Nations from some other country
who said something like the real reason
for climate science is to redistribute
wealth or something I don't believe any
of that stuff and here's
why even if it's true that there are
some big wigs in some international
organization that would like to see you
know uh income redistributed even if
there are some intellectuals who think
that there isn't the slightest chance
that that thinking is so common within
the climate scientists that all the the
clim of scientists are part of this this
worldwide
conspiracy right that is so ridiculously
unbelievable that I can't I can't can't
even get near that opinion somebody's
saying it's true it's true well keep in
mind that we all believe conspiracy
theories we're we're we're all taken in
by them just different ones by different
people and I will I will say with I
would be willing to
bet that among the scientists not not
talking about any intellectuals who are
you know in the UN or part of the ipcc
or whatever I'm not talking about those
guys the actual
scientists are
positive that they don't go to work
saying how can I fake these numbers to
get a little more
socialism that's not happening the the
scientists of the world certainly not
the scientists of the United States are
not going to work
and making up fake numbers to
redistribute their wealth to other
people because scientists make good
livings right the the top scientists who
are who are studying things you think
that they're they go to work every day
and make up data and completely
discredit their their own field that
they've chosen so that they can secretly
have this clever plan that they've
colluded with people people in the UN
that who we've never heard of it's all
part of a plot to to uh to figure out a
way to transfer money from the
scientists to other
people it doesn't pass any sniff test it
really
doesn't all
right
um I know I know some of this is uh
tough love for some of you um probably
something like 40 to 60% of you have
embraced the arguments I just told you
were terrible arguments I'm trying to
help you right I'm trying to be
constructive you need to release on the
obviously bad arguments let me tell you
the arguments that are good in terms of
criticizing um climate science here's
the good argument the science is
probably pretty solid not 100% in my
opinion because I can't really penetrate
it so I can't give you an dependent
opinion but probably pretty science uh
meaning that CO2 raises temperatures Etc
but the the projection models and the
economics that they that they do on top
of those should be seen as marketing not
science they use scientific thinking to
make the models but you really have to
look at the projection models as how the
scientists are trying to Market their
their their beliefs the things that
they've discovered so if you were to
look at let's say a a product and the
product works really well would you
judge whether the product works by the
fact that the marketing campaign is uh
is transparently BS well no you wouldn't
because it's typical that the marketing
is a little bit of BS even if the
product is entirely good so my best work
belief which is also subject to change
is that the basic idea that CO2 is
causing us a problem and we should worry
about it probably
true but they can't sell that because it
just sort of lays there so instead they
add a marketing level on top of that
which is the hockey stick pictures and
the graphs and the and the predictions
and the and the the talk of Doom and the
the the pictures of the oceans r Ing and
and all the things that they do and
here's a dead polar bear that's all the
marketing so when I look at the science
I'm really looking at the marketing I'm
not really looking at the science I
can't penetrate the science I've never
seen the science science is something
that somebody told me they did I can't
see it but I can see I can see all the
marketing and the marketing is
transparent
BS so even if the science is right and
CO2 is a problem temperatures going up
we need to worry about it even if all of
that's true what we see of it is just
clearly
marketing
likewise the skeptical arguments that
you know warming is good up to any level
or the CO2 at any level is good those
are just
ridiculous so if you're part of the team
that's saying hey I don't care how warm
it gets that's just nice or if you're
part of the team that says
CO2 at any level is good it's good for
plants you're not
credible you you just really should stop
talking about the topic because th those
are embarrassing opinions because you
don't even need science to know they're
embarrassing because nobody is claiming
that the temperature is going to go up
one degree and stay there nobody makes
that claim nobody would make that claim
you're arguing against your own
imagination of something ridiculous
right so I'm trying to clean out the
ridiculous arguments on both sides as
best I can I don't know how deep I I'll
be able to get in terms of penetrating
the actual science but don't believe the
models and don't believe that CO2 is
plant food so it's all it's all fine and
I wouldn't I wouldn't believe the N the
international conspiracy
stuff um oh let's let's talk about the
phrase settled science uh uh that's sort
of word
thinking I call it word thinking you you
take a word and you try to make an
argument but really all you're doing is
playing with the definition of a word
what does settled science mean all right
when people say it's settled science or
it's not settled science they're trying
to win the
argument by defining a word you know the
settled part that's not how you win an
argument or it shouldn't be because both
sides
agree that science is never really
settled because you could always have a
new new discovery right and that and
science is often surprised and they
often think they have the right answer
and then they revise it because that's
science so if you're arguing that
something is settled science or is not
settled science you're that's a dumb
argument both sides both sides those are
opposite sides and I'm telling you both
sides are stupid arguments because all
agree if you were to just remove those
words we'd all agree that we could be
surprised the scientists would agree
with that the scientists would say as as
far as we can tell we're very confident
about this but that's happened before
we've been science has been very
confident about things and then found
out it wasn't quite what they thought
totally common so if you're even arguing
at all that it is settled science or
it's not settled science or even if if
you're just mocking them just don't even
talk like that cuz it means nothing
we're all on the same side that we could
be
surprised all right
um I know you hate it when I talk about
uh climate science because I I I
criticize both sides so it doesn't
matter which side you're on you're you
probably just got a little a little
triggered by this but I'm trying to
improve the way you look at it
all right I don't have a I don't have a
conclusion I'm trying to steer you
toward I'm just trying to help you get
past the the ridiculous stuff all
right
uh so some of you like it well let me
let me ask a question as I'm seeing some
mixed mixed
opinions do you like it when I talk
about climate science in in the way that
I talk about it talking about the
quality of the arguments talking about
the persuasion part talking about the
marketing of it okay so some of you do
like it looks like more of you like it
than not or at least you're being nice
to me
okay um somebody says I
don't for the people who say they
don't is it because uh and I would like
to I would actually like to understand
for the people who don't like it I like
to understand why is it because just the
topic isn't interesting in general is it
because you think I'm
wrong or do you think it's dangerous in
some way so for those of you for those
of you um who don't like
it give me give me an idea why which
would be fair by the way if if you've
just heard too much of it or you know
I'm not going to argue with your reason
I just want to hear your
reason um
makes me thinking I'm a scientist that's
like the best that was the
best that might be the best compliment
I've ever received somebody just said uh
that they're a
scientist but they they like this
conversation because it makes them think
that's that's exactly what I'm trying to
do I'm trying to get out of the out of
the science level because I don't
understand the science level and to talk
about how it's presented how we how we
process it how we argue
it um it's
unsolvable I'll bet it's not unsolvable
the the other thing about the
predictions uh about climate science is
that the IP PC I always get that wrong
is there two C's or 2ps but uh if it's
really only a 10% hit to GDP over 80
years that's pretty manageable and in 80
years we're going to have a lot of
technology to change the
world
[Music]
uh no one is giving up their
lifestyle yeah um lomborg who is famous
for being the let's call him an
economist I don't know if he calls
himself an economist but uh that's the
domain he plays in um showed that in a
survey of the world
the climate change was like toward the
bottom in terms of what the world cares
about if you talk about citizens
citizens all over the world it's dead
last in the things they care about
because what people want are you know
jobs and water and less crime and things
that affect them right away and it would
be
insanely uh cruel to those people who
are trying to climb out of desperate
poverty into something more surviv able
to to make that
harder um it seems far more ethical to
let as many poor people climb out of
desperate poverty to you know at least
survival or maybe maybe have a good life
level get as many of those as you can
through a strong economy and then if the
people toward the top are being uh
challenged because they're losing their
beach homes and you know the the GDP is
down 10% compared to what it should have
been so your your 401k is a little lower
than you hoped let those people eat it
you know people like
me um are probably going to be paying
for whatever the problems of climate
science are because we're the ones with
the money poor people are not going to
pay the bill to move beach houses poor
people are not going to be paying the
bill to clean up the hurricane at least
not in in the tax sense uh
it's going to be rich people so if we
don't deal with climate science and we
keep our economy humming at the maximum
it's going to be raising people from
Desperate situations to less desperate
and then someday we're going to have to
pay for that but it won't be these
people the people who got who who who
rose up to a survivable level are not
the ones who are going to pay the bill
in 80 years it's going to be the people
who made tons of money and they can
afford
it all
right uh I'm going
to end here and I'll talk to you later
bye for now