looks terrible down down down down well
mostly uh
Bitcoin the S&P 500 is up a
notch Bitcoin
down so now the government will try to
kill Bitcoin because Trump likes Bitcoin
of
course well we've got a show to do today
soon as I'm ready for
you let's call up my beloved locals
people so I can see them separately
and it we'll get
going all right perfect
[Music]
though good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams because that's what it is
and if you'd like to take your
experience up to that nobody can
understand with their tiny human shiny
brains all you need for that is a cuper
mug or a glass of tanker chelse Stein a
Cen jger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like Cofe
and join me now for the
UN unparalleled pleasure the dopamine of
the day thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens right now
go oh delightful
well let's talk about all the
things first some science
updates scientists have figured out how
to control the minds of mice using uh
some kind of magnetic
field so without even putting electrodes
in their little brains or anything like
that they could use
electricity that's designed to hit
certain parts of their brain and then
the
mice um
they've all become
Democrats which is weird no I just made
that part up the mice part is true they
figured out how to control their minds
with
magnetism now this raises a interesting
question do mice have free
will because if they have free will it
wouldn't matter what you did to the
brain because the brain would not be a
organ that makes decisions it would just
be irrelevant to your decision- making
if if you have free will so you should
be able to send all the magnetism into
the brain that you need and it still
does whatever it wants because of the
Free Will unless Free Will is just
imaginary what are the odds of that all
right next
story couple of fake newses the first
one a republican fake news um did you
see Biden calling himself a former
president accidentally in his little
speech where he's talking about his
supreme court stuff
and uh he was sort of mumbling through
you know past presidents and it it it
looked like maybe he was referring to
himself as a former president which
would suggest he's already out of office
okay that's fake news fake news
so don't let the Republicans do to you
what Democrats do to you which is to
pretend they don't understand how people
talk
if the actual president of the United
States says something to you that sounds
like it meant former
president a reasonable interpretation of
that is that's not what he meant that it
was just you know inelegant sentence so
no if it's obvious he knows he's the
president of the United States because
he's literally doing president of the
United States things as he's talking no
he did not accidentally say he's not the
president of the United States that did
not happen so this is just like the fine
people hoax it's just the Republican
version they took a swing at it RNC
research did anyway it's fun but it's
not true speaking of that Erin
rupar uh want you to know that when uh
Laura Ingram asked Trump in I guess
interview yesterday asked him uh to
explain his whole thing about if you
vote for him you won't have to vote
again in four years now the context with
that was that you would you know make
sure the elections were secure so you
don't have to worry about it next time
something like that and then that got
turned into oh he just admitted he just
admitted that he plans to be a dictator
in four years now of course anybody who
knows how language works or people talk
no nothing like that's happening you
know just like the Republican version of
this so it's just a rupar here's what
rupar
says uh angram
asked Trump about his comments telling
Christian backers they won't have to
vote again in four years Trump responds
by saying Jews should have their heads
examined if they vote for Dems meaning
that he sort of didn't directly answer
the question just sort of said what he
wanted to
say and then when Ingram press him and
Trump doesn't exactly quell concerns
that he wants to end
elections now do you think that's an
honest
post do you think Erin RUP par who is
famous for showing edited posts and
acting like it tells you something real
that but it doesn't um do you think he's
really concerned that Trump wants to end
all elections in four years because
that's what Republicans would be okay
with right Republicans who love their
constitution and freedom and all that
they'd be okay with a dictator right
Aaron that's so
dumb it's so dumb I'm sure it works on
the people who don't know any better but
it's so dumb to imagine that Republicans
are going to in any way back a dictator
it doesn't matter if it's Trump or
anybody else no no Republican's going to
back a dictator ever ever not even one
you you probably couldn't find one out
of 80 million people but okay all
right and then there is a rupar on RFK
Jr to I guess was some edited thing that
makes it look like he's avoiding a
question or that he can't speak or
something like that doesn't matter what
it is all you have to know is that once
again uh all all three candidates are
the subject of fake news all
three they they all kind a fake news
today so if if you weren't you know if
you're not experienced in spotting it
you might think oh the other people had
some bad news but my candidate did not
nope it was three f stories about three
candidates and they were all all done
the same way they would show you a thing
but there's something left out or
there's a weird interpretation that
nobody would really make in the real
world and that's your quality of
politics
today so I was having a little uh back
and forth conversation with Michael Ian
Black which continues to fascinate me
because his his view on politics you
know goes through the mostly the
Democrat window window and I'm looking
through different windows and we're just
not even seeing reality the same so one
of the things that Michael Ian Black
challenged me on this morning which was
a better challenge than I expected it to
be was uh that Harris is leading in the
polls now and I said what Harris isn't
leading in
polls how how could you possibly be
involved in politics and think that
Harris is leading in the polls right
now so I said to myself well and then he
challenged me to show him you know why
why he's wrong and I thought but why why
would I even have to do that every you
know my understanding would be something
like I don't know 12 out of 15 polls
have Trump dominant in the election so
far I mean anything can change and I
thought how in the world can it be so
weighted in one One Direction and he
would think it would be weighted in the
other direction I thought how's that
even possible so I thought well public
service I'll just uh Google it because
you can trust Google on
elections right what no you can't oh
totally you can trust them because
nobody would game the search results
would
they what oh oh in the comments you're
telling me they G the search results
yeah they gave the search results pretty
massively and obviously and they've
already been busted for it so I went
looking for it and uh if you were going
to search on who's ahead in the polling
right now what do you think Google would
tell
you it would tell you it's a
tie and that Harris has pulled ahead in
a
few does that sound accurate sort of a
tie but here's what they don't tell you
they're talking about the national
numbers and when they say it's a tie
they're usually saying it's a
statistical tie but Trump is up by two
you know one to three or four I think is
the range but basically two now here's
what they don't tell you if a republican
candidate is up by two that's a
landslide because Republicans can win
when they lose the popular vote because
they just need to win in the states that
matter and
and so I thought well I'll just Google
the uh what's the current polling
situation for the swing
States can't even find
it now it's there I mean you'd have to
dig down you'd have to really look for
it but apparently the swing states which
my understanding from CNN and Harry
enton are solidly in Trump
territory so if you searched if you
searched for polling results on Google
what would be the most important thing
that the search results could tell you
well the only thing that matters is the
swing
States and it's not there the the Google
result just acts like swing states don't
exist that's not important anymore let
us tell you how Harris is really
surprising everybody in the polls so
completely rigged it's
insane yeah it is completely rigged
already and so obvious you know I
thought that Google would at
least maybe pretend not to be obvious
nope nope they're they're they're all
the way in and their entire product is
now ruined because uh it's hard to take
them seriously when they game the
results like that so
obviously anyway uh uh Wall Street
Journal did a poll oh okay there's a
poll from The Wall Street Journal who
you can
trust right
what you don't trust the Wall Street
Journal either all right well I guess
you've been paying attention when it
comes to the election stuff I don't
trust the Wall Street Journal because
Wall Street Journal is owned by somebody
who has a preference that's all you need
to know now they might be good on
business stuff I think they are usually
good in business stuff but when it gets
right down to the race you know when
it's who's going to win the next
election I'm not sure that there are any
news entities you could totally trust
because everybody sort of everybody's a
player at this point nobody's nobody's
watching they're all
players so here's what the Wall Street
Journal said they did a poll comparing
JD Vance and his popularity to
Harris and it said that uh you know
Harris that JD Vance is slightly more
popular than Harris or something he's
got a little more
favorability now here's my question to
you why in the world would you do that
poll
polls cost money don't they why would
you spend money to compare somebody's
vice presidential candidate to somebody
else's presidential
candidate that's dumb that is the most
useless poll so there's where your
polling situation is the the new poll is
like ridiculous comparing an apple and
an
orange and if you Google the other ones
you sort of don't find them that this
really makes Harry enton stand out on
CNN because I wonder if his employment
is safe because whenever he does a you
know an update on the polling he's very
clear that Trump has a commanding lead
according to the
polls but you don't see that if you do a
Google
Search and uh if you're on social media
and you're leaning left you'll never see
it so good on Harry enton and I think
CNN deserves a little bit of credit for
allowing him to do his
thing all right as you know the big uh
the big Push by the Democrats is to call
Republicans weird and JD Vance is weird
and Trump is weird and all the things
Republicans want is weird now many of
you said that is so weak and stupid well
you're all wrong it's super strong and
it's
working let me say it again
it's super strong persuasion and it's
completely
working let me explain why number one
it's very much like uh in 2016 when they
started saying that everything Trump
said was dark and I said whoa whoa whoa
that's professional work that's not your
regular uh Democrat strategist there's
somebody who's got you know deep
knowledge or persuasion and sure enough
there was there was at least reporting
that um Chini was behind it and he would
be like the king of persuasion in that
world
now now this suddenly the word weird
pops up that's
professional right that is just like
dark here's what they have in common
what can you put under the label dark
everything anything you want to sound
bad you just say well that's dark what
can you put under the label weird
anything anything at all just say well
that's weird so they have that that
professional quality that anything can
be put into it and it teaches you to see
anything under that frame when they told
you things were dark at least Democrats
started seeing everything is dark even
if they didn't see it before well it's a
little dark now the weird persuasion is
through did it work 100% it
worked you don't understand how powerful
that is yes you've all used the word
haven't you tell me you haven't said
weird the word out loud or at least put
it in a comment every one of you did
every one of you is quoting the word you
have bought into the frame if you're
criticizing it you're in the frame if
you're talking about how it's a bad idea
you're in the frame if you're saying
weird is just bad persuasion you're in
the
frame that's that's them winning they
brought you into their frame do you know
what you're not talking about when
you're talking about whether weird is
the right word to
use
policy
policy yeah Harris has a gigantic
deficit in policy because if you took
the top five things the country cares
about Trump has a dominant polling lead
in all of them so if you can't talk
policy and win because the country
doesn't like your policies and by the
way you better hide them because they're
so unpopular you get into a fight about
what's weird
or what's
dark do you see it yet I will go further
and say that almost certainly the
Persuader who came up with the weird
persuasion probably a woman because I
don't know that a man would have been
able to see this angle because weird is
a woman insult it's how women fight and
other others are pointed this out when
men want to disagree they go right at
each other so they say you're uh this
I'm going to do this to you if you don't
do this I will do that to you so it's
very direct kind of combat when women
want to get their way they're more uh
well that's weird and then men say huh I
didn't know anything was weird yeah
that's weird and then the men started
thinking well I don't want to be called
weird by women because women decide who
the
mate and you don't want to be one of
those people who's ruled out because
you're weird so your mating instinct is
completely activated by that word
meaning that you don't want to be called
weird because it would look like you're
not worth mating with it's that deep
this is really deep persuasion it's very
strong it's this is you know it's
military grade persuasion basically it
might come from some military Source
actually now here are some things we
know about it um it's also necessary
that they change their messaging from
the Hitler stuff did you notice the
Hitler stuff just
disappeared why did that happen because
Republicans successfully took the Trump
assassination attempt and even though we
don't have a direct connection to what
the shooter was thinking it is a
reasonable completely reasonable
assumption that the Hitler persuasion is
the reason Trump was number one on this
crazy guy's Target list and once you see
how dangerous and Reckless Democrats
have been to the point where your your
candidate could get shot did get shot
then you think they have gone way too
far they cannot be trusted with any
power
whatsoever and that was going to be a
real winning message from Republicans
that you've gone too far all you do is
try to scare us with your and
then we're going to get shot you've been
hunting Republicans so it's very clear
that the Democrats are
aware that their Hitler persuasion was
backfiring because of the assassination
attempt so they had to find something
that didn't sound dangerous but would
still be super powerful on a an ickiness
level yeah if you get get people's ick
like oh that's gross or H that's weird
it's not in standard so they've they've
released from Fear
persuasion what's the strongest form of
persuasion fear fear is the strongest
form of persuasion weird is very
effective but it's not
fear so they may have they may have
given up The High Ground of persuasion
because they had too that their play is
still strong it's still a good play but
they may have known in a sort of a chess
game way that they had to give up The
High Ground maybe they can get it back
later but The High Ground is fear and
when you look at Venezuela and you look
at you know countries that are going
full Dei and have unfettered immigration
that's some scary the the things
that Democrats are doing to the country
and want to do to the country do look
like the end of civilization to me I
mean
genuinely they're promoting processes
that take Merit out of the system and
make identity the you know the the
leading thing I don't know how that
could end except the complete
destruction of the country Mass
starvation and uh violence in the
streets now I'm hoping that it doesn't
get to that because the system won't
Embrace those crazy ideas but if they
did it would would be literally you're
all dead I mean it's that's the size of
the risk so I think Trump has the fear
persuasion because I am genuinely
afraid of what the Democrats could do
with more power I'm genuinely afraid of
that now I think they could be
stopped I'm just saying that that's an
actual existential risk that they their
level of
incompetence maybe may be papered over
with good intentions in many cases
people have good intentions but they
don't know how systems work you can't
build a system where you're rewarding
people for identity and expect that when
you come back in a hundred years
everybody isn't
dead they'll all be dead if you focus on
identity there's no way around that
that's what that's where it's going to
head so that's got to be stopped
um so I think that the uh Democrats have
embraced the fact that it's the girls
against the boys that the Democrat Party
is the party of
women
and um it's the batshit crazy women um
against the people they call weird so I
think also women had the problem that
they have a very high level of mental
illness and that really comes across
with with a lot of their most vocal
persuaders um whenever you see one of
the Democrat women do a individual video
that they make holding their phone and
they're mad about
Republicans they look actually just
mentally ill they don't look like they
have different opinions they look
batshit crazy and I'm not going
to back off of that because it's just so
obvious I mean there's a mental illness
issue that's pretty
obvious but here's the uh the fun thing
there are already of course uh
compilation videos of all of the people
in the news suddenly using the word
weird because you know the memo goes out
use weird don't say Hitler Hitler's too
scary say weird
so and you know even Elon Musk posted
and said they they should coordinate
their propaganda better because it's too
obvious but here's the thing would it be
obvious if you hadn't seen the
compilation clip if you just checked in
now and then to a news program like most
of the world somebody be saying this is
weird that's weird you know that would
get in your head it's very sticky and
you wouldn't notice that it was a
coordinated campaign but when you see
all the people
coordinating you can see the entire
infrastructure of who's a puppet so the
ones who just immediately said Oh weird
is the word we'll say weird they're
basically they're more like government
employees than they are like uh news
people I mean the news business might
pay them but if they're just taking the
literally the government's message and
pretending it's their own
opinions they're government employees
they just get a paycheck from somebody
else now uh here's the funniest part
have you seen any of the puppets pretend
it was their own idea to use the word
you have to see the compilation Clips I
I'm going to have to do my impression of
a Democrat pretending they came up with
the idea on their own say well I've been
looking at the JD Vance and Trump and I
don't know this
something H there's a
word could I say it's weird and and then
they're you look at their eyes and
they're trying to convince you that they
literally just came up with this idea on
their own it's like I'm searching for a
word h what would what would sort of
capture this situation I oh oh oh I got
I got an idea how about how about
weird and it's so sickening to watch
them lie to Their audience I don't think
they're lying to me because their their
game is too obvious but watching them
lie about how spontaneously they came up
with that word is really
creepy so while it might be
true that they think Republicans are
weird because everything's weird because
everybody's unique
um they've got a creepy
problem rep even if Republicans are
weird they're not that creepy I mean
some are of course but the creepiness uh
Olympics I think is clearly going to the
left at this point
now um and then the Washington Post
piling on of course because Washington
Post should not be seen as legitimate
news it's just a Democrat CIA propaganda
machine and it says that uh somebody had
an opinion piece that Trump and Van seem
ready to offend as many Women Voters as
possible okay yeah I'm sure that's what
they wake up in the morning and think I
think I'm going to go offend
people yeah yeah I'm seeing the comments
uh it should go with that saying that
simple repetition of the weird thing is
all you need you don't need to sell a
hard of that just repeat it people will
just pick it up as their frame it's
working already so anyway um I would
call this the Mean Girl
strategy so calling other people weird
is a mean girl strategy but I was uh
before I went live here I was doing a a
pre-show with my subscribers on locals
and one one of the sub subscribers
pointed this out that mean girl
strategy only works when the mean girls
are
hot to which I said oh that is a
problem isn't
it because the Democrats are not leading
with hotness they're leading with people
that Republicans think look
unattractive and so if the unattractive
people are telling you you're weird it
doesn't really hit the
same so I think that one of the problems
that they that they may run into is that
mean girl strategy only works when
you're hot and at some point people
might figure that out because
Republicans are already doing
compilation uh images of all the what
they would say would be weird looking
people uh to fight back and I think
that's the problem if if the Mean Girls
had all been super hot they probably
could get totally away with labeling the
other people as
weird but you're going to have to be a
little less weird to get away with that
maybe we'll see but it is working
overall overall the strategy is solid
and working I would
say it's good for their base obviously
it's not going to convince any
Republicans but they're just trying to
solidify the
base but we know how who all their
puppets are now if you haven't watched
the compilation clip to find out who not
to listen to in the future you should I
mean it's really obvious who the you
know the intelligence related ass assets
are and who the Democrat operatives are
it's just so so obvious now you might
say to me Scott you know there there are
a bunch of you know operatives over on
the Republican side it's not on one side
there really does seem to be a
difference though there does seem to be
a difference a lot of the people who are
opinion people on the right make sure
you know it's their opinion people so
they're they're not trying to sell you
the same way it's more
entertainment all right why
why would the Democrats need to talk to
you about who's weird or who's a Hitler
the old way why would they have to do
that instead of policies well Charlie
Kirk put together a little list of it
was on X of what he calls K Harris's
extreme left policies now I'm not sure
that all of these still are her policies
but at one point they look like things
she did say so she would have to explain
why she changed her mind if she did so
I'll just read Charlie Kirk's list um
I'm not sure I would buy into every one
of them being her policy but you decide
I'll just rip through them because
there's a bunch open borders Mass
amnesty for illegals citizenship for
illegals clearing criminal illegals
records to avoid deportation boys and
girls lockers room and bathrooms boys
and girls Sports irreversible body
mutilations for minor children
kidnapping children for parents who
don't want kids mutilated legalizing
squatting that one's a really powerful
one by the way legalizing squatting
scares a out of everybody anybody
who owns a home uh Medicare for illegal
immigrants paid by us taxpayers
apparently against the child tax credit
so again that's not clear abolish the
individual rights to bear arms via state
and local laws mandatory gun
confiscations mandatory gun
confiscations I don't know if she's said
that but she's probably gotten close to
it demanding that all environmental laws
be reviewed for their quote racial
climate impact advocating for equal
outcomes via wealth distribution we used
to call this
communism by the way every time you say
communism you are not uh convincing
anybody on the left do you know why they
just say that's not
communism that's the end so every time
you use the word communism you were not
engaged in Persuasion it's something
that Republicans sort of understand what
you're talking about but as soon as it
crosses over and by the way I learned
this from Michael and black that when he
hears communism he he just sort of
shakes it off it's like it's obviously
not communism and then you say well we
don't like income
redistribution and then he says you mean
like taxes taxes are income distribution
right so which is a good which is a good
reply and here's what I would suggest
if you're talking about communism you
should Define it as you don't like
income redistribution and the government
being too powerful because those things
people understand oh I don't like the
government taking my money and giving it
to someone
else you understand that and you don't
and you also uh don't want the
government to have too much power over
you so it's sort of a leave me alone
leave my money alone position now that's
strong and easy to understand
but as soon as you say Comm Harris is a
communist you could be technically
correct that she is influenced by
communist thought there's some a lot of
connections in her background that would
suggest she's had lots of communist
conversations but I don't see it either
I
mean clearly they still want something
like a president so communism doesn't
quite work as a persuasion attack
um I'm not saying it's
inaccurate I'm not saying it doesn't
suggest you know a lot of communist
looking things and I'm not suggesting
they're not influenced by it I'm just
saying it doesn't work when you complain
about it it's like the word doesn't mean
anything in modern
politics anyway um so continuing with
Charlie Kirk's list of commonly Harris
extreme left policies race-based
reparations payments trillions for the
green New Deal pack the Supreme Court
defund the police cashless bail even for
violent
offenders how much of that sounds
accurate does Charlie's list sound
accurate I think there are a few You
could argue well that's not exactly her
position but she's sort of leaning in
those directions so I think it's pretty
close it's it's I think it's close
enough to I would say it's directional
correct there might be some things you'd
quibble with all right let's talk about
Venezuela now the Venezuela situation is
just fascinating to me because the way a
human brain works is we were influenced
by stories and we're influenced by
patterns and we're influenced by how
things
feel so suddenly this Venezuela election
happens and what we feel is it looks
just like the 2020 election in America
to a lot of people right now you can
argue the details but I'm just saying
how it feels and how it looks to a lot
of people meaning Republicans say wait
we think our election in 2020 was
obviously stolen the Venezuelans
believed that their election was
obviously
stolen and uh so apparently they're
forming uh mobs of what Democrats would
call insurrection s to go try to
overthrow the
government now it's an Insurrection if
they know they lost would you
agree if the crowd knew they lost fair
and square and they still got together
and tried to topple the government well
that would be an Insurrection successful
or not it would be an attempted
Insurrection but suppose they were
positive that the election had been
rigged they could be wrong by the way
maybe the polling was wrong
maybe but they're positive that it was
right or wrong they're positive it was
riged is that still an
Insurrection in America it was in
America nobody gave a what the
January six people were thinking which
was the only thing that mattered ask
yourself how many interviews have you
seen on MSNBC or CNN where they took
somebody who went to the protest on
January 6 and say tell us what you were
thinking
were you thinking that you lost the
election but you wanted to take over the
country and install Trump as a dictator
and people would look at and you say
what no no why would I even want that no
if he lost fair and square we wouldn't
be having this conversation to me this
is what a January 6er would say to me it
looks like it's obvious that election
was rigged and we want to delay it so
that it could be looked into to avoid a
coup
because we think it could have just
happened now all I'm pointing out is
that when you're watching the vent as
well experiment you're going to find a
lot of parallels and your brain will not
be able to reject those parallels
because stories and stories just fit
together like one story is just going to
look too much like the other story
there's no way around that right and
what's happening is you're going to say
to yourself well maybe the election was
stolen in Venezuela
but at least their courts will work it
out right there will be legal challenges
and then the courts will say oh this is
a illegal election you better redo this
or change the result right because they
well they have a court system why
wouldn't the court system fix all this
for them well it's because we don't
trust the court system in Venezuela how
much do you know about the court system
in Venezuela I'd like to volunteer how
much I know about it nothing don't know
anything about it
but what do I assume about it I assume
it's crooked because they got a
dictator there's no dictator who's going
to let the court system have control
he's going to make sure all the judges
that didn't like him were already fired
or Worse
jailed so you're going to watch that the
court system which is probably as biased
as the American court system is
completely unable to reverse it and they
might have tactical reasons like ours
did
as inw you don't have standing to bring
this case what I'm part of America and
I'm part of the election because I'm a
voter I don't have a standing nope you
know have a standing so we're not even
going to listen to it or they'll not
have time to really look for the you
know evidence that would be more
conclusive they're just immediately
filing something in the court and the
court says there's no evidence here get
out of here or the court says uh you
haven't proven that there's enough fraud
to make make a difference get out of
here so the American courts had all
kinds of reasons that somebody couldn't
bring a case it was too late it was
maybe too small they couldn't prove it
was big enough just all kinds of
things do you think venezuel is going to
be different do you think the Court's
going to look at it and say you know
yeah tons of uh corruption here you
better do that election again so I think
that the Americans are going to get a
little wakeup call that trusting our
justice system is a little ridiculous at
this point because we do know that the
reason people want to change the Supreme
Court you know Joe Biden's ideas for
reform are because they don't think the
court is viable or
credible and it's just because they
didn't get their way so whoever is not
getting their way is going to think the
courts are non-credible so both sides
basically think the courts are not
credible in the United States for the
political stuff maybe credible for other
stuff but not for the political stuff we
just don't think it's
credible so the correlation with
Venezuela very strong there are other
accusations about what voting machines
they used I don't have any confidence in
those
accusations and I don't have any reason
to believe that the technology they used
had anything to do with the
result but it could have in the sense
that you know I doubt there was good
cyber
security but you never
no
so anyway uh that should make a
difference in the American minds of what
what is likely to happen in our election
and even what did happen in
2020 but yeah you want you want to make
this
interesting let's make this Venezuela
situ situation interesting what did the
news tell you happened the news said the
strongman lost the election probably in
reality but then stole it
right so did you know that the polling
that was used to show that the
Challenger really won by a lot did you
know that was a CIA linked US state
propaganda
poll oh now it's getting interesting did
you know that you shouldn't trust the
polling that said the Challenger
one you just accepted that didn't you
didn't you just un critically accept
that the polling said the Challenger won
and I'm sure the I'm sure the people in
Venezuela have uncritically accepted
that
too but has the CIA ever tried to rig
anything in another country to cause
a natural looking
organic overthrow of their own
government wouldn't that be a clever
trick by our CIA hypothetically
to tell the public of Venezuela that the
only credible poll says that the
Challenger won by a
lot what if that's not
true do you know it's
true no you
don't no our news told us a story that
happens to be very compatible with what
the CIA would want you to
hear and our news is controlled by the
CIA for anything that they want to
control it for
it's entirely possible that Madura won
the election fair and
square I'm not going to put odds on it
I'm not going to say it's more likely
than the alternative I don't know I'm
just saying that it's entirely within
the realm of possibility that the real
play is to make it look like the
election was faked even if it wasn't and
get the PO population to revolt and just
kill Madura and maybe get somebody in
there that the American CIA is
comfortable with so this could be a fake
Revolution fostered by the FBI and all
they'd have to do is run some fake polls
that's all it would
take so I think you should doubt
everything that comes out of
Venezuela if I had to bet I'd bet Madura
rigged the polls but that's also what
makes it an easy manipulation if you're
already inclined to believe it's true
that he would do such a thing then
you'll easily be convinced that he did
it by a fake poll if it's a fake
poll right so you can't trust anything
especially when you know the CIA has
some interest in the outcome and they
have a big interest in the outcome and
by the way if the CIA isn't trying to
control Venezuela they're not doing
their
job that's what that's what we pay to
do so so if it's not the CIA is doing
what the hell are they doing they should
be trying to overthrow Venezuela you
know cleverly using the media using fake
polls paying people that's what they do
if they're not doing it I'd be a little
bit disappointed so don't trust the news
on it
though anyway the internet searches we
talked about are now totally fake I
guess one of the search engines was
hiding that famous Trump photo I think
that was meta
um well one of the AI says the
assassination attempt against Trump was
fiction um if you Google Trump uh
Harris's accomplishments come up first
on
Google if you Google Trump's name the
top search results are how great
harrises is there any question about
what's going on right now
it's just so heavy-handed and obvious
and by the way uh a lot of this is
because of course X is now you know a
free speech platform so you could hear
things you wouldn't hear
otherwise but we're so much smarter than
we were a few years ago just about how
everything fits together then now you
can see the gears of the machine can't
you can't you see the gears of the
machine when when that weird thing
dropped
did you know right away that this is
just the new madeup thing and they're
all going to do it of course you did you
knew it right
away all right well um so this is funny
kamla Harris had a white dudes for kamla
event over uh Zoom I guess and there
were tens of thousands of men who signed
up and
um apparently there was some some
concern that the Republicans or
specifically the Maga people were trying
to bully white men into being
Republicans so that was actually a thing
did you know that the Democrats were
worried that their men were being
bullied uh apparently that messaging
broke through I didn't know that anybody
in the Democrat Party had ever heard the
Republicans were basically saying their
their men need to become Republicans and
become real men but apparently they were
worried about it so they they made sure
there was a big show of Force if you can
call it that of lots and lots of white
men getting on a a racist feed obviously
it was racist because it was literally
white men for comla so you don't have to
ask is that your opinion that it was
racist no it was designed to be racist
it was exclusionary of brown
people yeah it was racist by
definition um maybe not evil I'm not
saying it's evil but clearly
racist anyway what did people who uh
watch this show have as a uh
takeaway well you got to see lots of
faces and voices of people who were proa
and white and they did have something in
common anybody want to mention what that
was what do all of the white male comml
Harris supporters have in common as far
as I could tell number
one no muscles
whatsoever no muscles they look low
te most of
them uh and they present as though they
have major psychological
problems I want you to look at any of
the clips from any of the notable people
who spoke and you tell me that doesn't
look like mental
illness now I'm no
doctor but I think we've all learned
that when things are glaringly obvious
you don't really need to be an expert do
you like if if if you saw somebody walk
out of a bar and they were
like they fall down and they're drooling
and they pee themselves do you have to
be an expert on addiction to know
they're drunk no sometimes things are
just so obvious
expert is is unnecessary and I'll tell
you I I looked at the men on those feeds
and every one of them looked like they
had major mental issues to me now am I
being um is it just confirmation bias
could
be could be but I'll bet if you fed
those faces into a AI with a bunch of
randomly picked faces and you said
identify the ones who have mental
problems I'll bet you the AI could do it
and by the way that's a challenge if
somebody wants to do that take one of
the compilation pictures from the
event and just feed it into Ai and then
feed you know an equal number of
pictures that are from some Republican
event so you know one is all Democrats
and one is all Republicans just men and
just white men just to keep it
comparable and then you ask
AI uh one of these group AI might have
more mental illness than the other can
you identify the one as more mental
illness what do you think it would do I
don't know for sure but I think it could
spot it just as easily as you could so
yeah there's a low tea no gym
memberships and uh they look to be weak
in feminine
men a woman named Briana Morell who I
think she leans right politically she
she attended it she said I'm 45 minutes
into the white dudes for Harris virtual
meeting and here's a quick summary she
said uh here's what they're learning
calling KL Harris a Dei hire is racist
um KL Harris is a Dei hire so I'd like
to say that as clearly and as publicly
as possible she's obviously a Dei hire
meaning well you all know I don't have
to explain it she's obviously a
DI uh white men must repent because
we're we're all just naturally bad
uh Trump is a
rapist
now uh there's a reason that they can
get away with saying
that and uh I'm probably the only person
who could tell you what the reason is it
just occurred to me so here's something
that nobody else can tell you you ready
for this all public figures who are male
are falsely accused of sexual
crimes do you know why nobody can tell
you that
well the women can't tell you that
because they haven't experienced it it
would have to be a man do you know why a
public figure who is male can't tell you
that it's routine for high-profile men
to be falsely accused of sexual uh
harassment or rape do you know why they
can't say
that because they probably have women in
their lives right if you're married and
you're let's say a TV host can you go on
TV and say well just for context you
should know that powerful and rich men
especially are pretty much universally
all falsely accused of rape and sexual
harassment now they might also in some
cases be doing the raping and sexual
harassment I'm not saying they're
innocent I'm saying that 100% of them
have false
accusations now if you say to me well
that can't possibly be true well I
should tell you about
mine I think at least three times I've
been falsely accused of a sex crime now
I can tell you that because I'm already
canceled and I'm not married so I'm the
only person who could tell you what
happens if you're a public figure people
think you have money and you're just
male it's the most ordinary thing in the
world so Democrats are selling you that
because Trump was um found responsible I
guess is the right word by a and a 12
jury
members based on something that really
was he said she said which is exactly
how the false ones look as well as the
real ones
then you
should I basically discount it to zero
so when I look at Trump I don't say huh
maybe he's you know did these bad things
I discount to zero because in my
worldview and my experience being
falsely accused of exactly that kind of
weird sex crime I'll use weird there
it's very routine it's really normal and
when you look at all the political
pressure and other pressure that was on
the
accuser well then it gets really
suspicious right so take the fact that
it's Trump and everything they say about
him is fake and then add on top of it
that when you're in his situation uh
false claims of sexual impropriety are
Universal 100% do you think uh
um Bill Gates has any
accusations of course he does are any of
them true maybe I don't know but I but I
guarantee some are not I guarantee some
are
not it would be the easiest prediction
in the world even if some are true I
guarantee some of them are not it's just
how it works now if you didn't know that
you would think it would be pretty
serious that you know some group of
jurors by majority you said has sounded
more true than false which is what a
civil case is it's not it's not you're
guilty it's well a majority of us
thought it was more likely true than not
because we were convinced by the
persuasion of the the lawyers that's
really different from guilty that's a
world
apart although anybody could be guilty
I'm just saying that if you assume it
you're on Shaky
Ground all right
um let's see Briana Mel who was on that
white dude's foris call also learned
that abortion is a man's right I don't
even know what that means mag is toxic
and you're all evil all right now um I
understand that after the white dudes
for Harris the the main event was over
they did breakouts so they broke into
smaller groups and I think the breakout
groups uh they were trying to teach each
other how to scissor in a non-gender
specific
way so it was a lot of scissoring um and
they wanted to make sure it wasn't like
only women or only lesbians can scissor
because it's a little bit biased a
little bit bigoted so they want to make
sure that everybody can scissor men on
men men on women women on women you name
it um so scissoring for everybody so the
break down groups were uh very
scissoring
but here's what would have been the
funniest part about watching
it do you think any of the men who were
on the white dudes for a Harris meeting
do you think any of them did any
mansplaining I don't know if they did
maybe it was the least mansplaining ever
because most of them didn't you know
barely qualify as male but it would be
hilarious if a bunch of men got in there
and tried to explain to the women how
they feel and just mansplain that thing
until until the women are like get the
hell off of this call why did we do this
what were we
thinking it would have been hilarious if
they had to end the call because all the
men were man mansplaining and they
couldn't cut it out now it didn't happen
but God it would have been
funny all right let's talk about Biden
Supreme Court reforms nobody thinks
they're serious even uh the people on
the left say it's a wish list none of
it's going to happen he's never going to
reverse the presidential immunity he's
never going to get term limits he's
never going to get a binding code of
conduct and so it's just political
 but it keeps you keeps you from
thinking about policies doesn't
it and it allows them to demonize the
Supreme Court do you think that the
executive office should be demonizing
the Supreme Court well I'm sure Trump
would do it if he wasn't getting the
decisions he wanted I'm sure he would do
it too but it's not a good idea in
either
case here is a uh surprising news uh
disclose.tv says this and next that
Germany's economy under the left green
liberal government quote unexpectedly
contracted in the second quarter meaning
the economy shrunk in German Germany
during a quarter this recent
quarter uh if Germany's economy is
shrinking that's a that's like a five
alarm
fire so uh you should be worried about
what that means but it's also evidence
that there's never been a left green
liberal government that succeeded has
there has there ever been one that
succeeded the the one that I think might
have done the best is Costa Rica Costa
Rico
um and I always think that Costa Rico
should create a uh a second
America so Costa Rica decided not to
drill for oil I guess they had some but
they wanted to go green instead so they
pushed you know a lot of green things
and a lot of Tourism and they did well
so the economy uh uh is doing smart
things educating people well for the
industry they have they have actually
college for being a bartender because
those are the jobs so so Costa Rica was
I don't know I haven't caught up with
them recently but they were like this
seriously smart little country that knew
they didn't need a military because the
United States was right there so they
didn't waste money on military they
didn't do polluting stuff because other
people had oil they would just go a
different way and they build an industry
that would be clean and give them lots
of jobs and a really well-managed
country I would love to see them say hey
if the United States is getting too
sketchy uh all you white men and
Republicans should move down here
because we have freedom down
here I feel like somebody's going to
make a play for the Richer Americans who
can bring their money down and
especially tech
people it would be easy for me to
imagine tech people who don't have you
know too many ties to keep them where
they are to just say you know what if I
could go to a country that had the
actual freedoms that America says it has
and but they're not hunting
Republicans and they're not going Dei
crazy I'll take
it I I mean I think you might be better
off going to a country that already
doesn't have a majority of white men or
White Citizens because then you're not
going to worry about
Dei right if if you throw me into a pool
of people applying for a job and there's
no Dei I'll do fine I'll get my you know
percentage of successes but you know in
the Dei world you don't really have a
chance I mean not
really so I'm surprised there isn't some
smart little country that's already
well-managed and again I'll give Costa
Rico a call out because they've got some
they got some really well-managed
history behind them so maybe somebody
like that that's not too far away
because you'd still want to visit right
you'd want to visit America but living
there might get dangerous let's give an
update on this whole Secret Service
Fiasco with the attempted assassination
of trump uh every day there's some new
bombshell uh now we're learning that the
at least the law enforcement knew an
hour before that there was danger and
yet the people guarding the president
directly never heard of it so for one
hour there was somebody wandering around
that looked like a potential assassin
and the people who were closest to
guarding the president on the stage
didn't hear about it and uh and there's
something else about 20 minutes they
knew something dangerous was happening
and you know that they knew they were
looking for that guy and couldn't find
them
and nobody told anybody now to me it
still looks like mostly incompetence but
there's a new element that I'm not
convinced of yet there's some guy named
Maxwell urick who some independent
people have decided might have been a
second shooter or might have been
involved somehow the the the word on him
is that he uh his home
was listed as the home based for
something called uck Armory explosives
he was allegedly in the same gun
training group as uh Crooks and some
people say that the the body that was on
the roof was actually not Crooks some
are saying wait a minute Crooks doesn't
have a tattoo but this other guy does
and wait a minute his face looks exactly
like the other
guy which it kind of does if you see the
picture of the other guy this uck guy
and then you see the picture of the Dead
perpetrator it looks exactly like the
other guy now I'm not saying he is I'm
just saying it's a fascinating little
side
detour I I I don't know how much
credibility put on it not very high I
mean I don't it's not better than a coin
flip but but it's sure fun there's some
stuff going on
here what else do we know so he would be
a member of the same shooting club had
an interest in explosives his white van
was found at the event in Toad and he
hasn't been
seen any more
questions how how is any of
that how is any of that possible unless
he was directly involved now some are
suggesting he was the the shooter on the
water
tower maybe and others are saying that
there was another shooter because
there's something that looks like a a
flash from a gun coming from the
window which would not be shooting at
anybody except the president because he
would have no it was the one below the
Assassin attempted assassin so the
window directly below him seems to have
a
gunshot that's facing out now is that
real probably not
probably not but my guess is that it's
just too easy to rig a photo like that
so it's probably
fake um so how much should you believe
about this alternative theory of the
shooter I don't know I think this was
destined always to be a JFK
assassination thing where there would
always be alternative explanations and
there would always be unsatisfying when
they were debunked you'd be like I see
you trying to debunk that but I don't
think you all the way debunked it so I
think that's our fate we will just never
know and nobody will ever get to the
bottom of
it there's word that Aran is trying to
influence our elections but um and we
assume that they were a little bit more
prot Trump or anti-trump I don't know no
I guess they were anti-trump because
they thought it'd be tougher on Iran and
uh and that Iran has a bunch of bots or
trolls pretending to be real people and
getting into our uh social media
interactions do you think that's true
that Iranian influences are in your
social media
interactions um oh let's talk about the
ear there's also a picture of
um the ear of the shooter Crooks uh does
match the real Crooks so if you look at
the the dead body of crooks he has a
unusual ear that looks like it was
either damaged or
something so the dead body has the same
unusual
ear as the person who's accused of being
the
shooter which would argue against the
uck thing so so just know that there's
conflicting data out there so I'm not on
the page that says that uh this is
a second
shooter but he there is some questions
that are unanswered so we'll see anyway
so I think Iran is probably influencing
elections here's a uh I think CNN I
forget who had this but 86% of renters
think they'll they can't buy a house and
54% think they'll never buy a home and
since buying a home is how people have
built wealth in this country forever it
feels like there's a whole generation
Left
Behind uh I agree this is why I think
that Trump's idea of building a new city
is so much a great answer because if you
build a new city you can make everything
affordable and you can make sure that
people have never owned a home can get
into one if you do everything right you
just can't build homes the way you build
them now and expect people to get back
get into a home anyway Trump decided
he's going to attend a National
Association of black journalists
convention in Chicago this will make
part of his base say stop pandering you
know stop prot pretending that you're
going to be identity related and stop
trying to get votes you'll never get
what do you think do you think he should
try to directly ask for the votes of
groups that he hasn't gotten in the past
or should he just let them go their own
way because he's never going to get them
anyway well here's my persuaders take on
that number
one he is not afraid of
anything can can we agree on that can we
agree that whatever it is that made
Trump trump he's not afraid of anything
I mean he wasn't afraid to run for
office uh he wasn't afraid I don't think
he was that afraid when he got
shot and here he is doing the most
dangerous thing you could ever do in
politics which is go into the belly of
the Beast and uh you it's not the black
part so much it's the black journalist
part because I don't think the black
journalists as a group are going to be
too Pro Trump if it were just a a an
area of the country that had a lot of
black citizens you'd say to yourself all
right that makes sense you know he's
asking for the votes but black
journalists are just going to slam him I
mean you figure some percentage are
however I think it's the right
move I think it's right the right move
whether he gets even one
vote because you don't want a president
who can't do this do you Do You Want a
President Who says oh that's a group of
people I can't talk to nope nope I want
my president to shake hands with Kim
Jong-un I want my president to talk to
the church
groups I want my president to be able to
talk to Muslim Americans I want him to
talk to the National Association of
black journalists and I don't care if he
gets one vote
I got to see that I got to see that I
got to see that he's he's at least
trying to be the president for everybody
all right now it's a tough reach because
we're so divided but you got to put in
you got to put in the work you go to you
got to make it look like and I believe
it's true I don't think it's just
looking like he's trying to be the
president of everybody and if you don't
put some risk into that proposition
nobody's going to believe it you know
you need to put a little skin in the
game so I
love Trump putting his skin in the game
to talk to the association of black
journalists will he convince
anybody that this was a worthwhile trip
if I had to
guess he might score a solid 10% support
not not changing their vote at all not
that but rather he might get 10% of the
journalists to say you know what
we don't love all of his policies wish
he'd done more but if we're being
honest we don't think KL Harris is going
to do everything we want either we
haven't seen Biden do it and he came to
talk to us he showed us
respect that's
something that's not nothing that's big
I I think that Trump simply showing
respect to various parts of the
citizenry
any anything else I don't need him to do
anything else just show
respect because that's the big problem
that we have with
Democrats there is some disrespectful
stuff about
magga um and of course it's you know
it's a big old fight so it's not that
big a not not surprised that people are
being disrespectful but I think that
specifically Trump needs to show respect
for the groups that believe he's not
that person and I think he can do it
easily and naturally and he would be
comfortable in front of the crowd and
probably will have some laughs probably
make some jokes at his own expense and
when he leaves people are going to be
like
ah damn it I like him a little bit
better that's what I think I I think the
view is going to be damn it I do kind of
like that a little bit better so I think
it's a brilliant move I'm totally in
favor of it even if it doesn't work like
even if even if some bad news came out
of it because they can always turn
anything good into bad you got to show
the respect you got to put in the work
you got to show your for everybody
however it
goes well uh Zero Hedge is reporting
that apparently the government the Biden
Administration is looking to uh draw
down its crypto so it's got a few
billion I guess that it has from the
Silk Road or basically captured from
criminals and uh so 48 hours after Trump
said you know Bitcoin is great and the
government should never sell it the
Biden Administration is looking to sell
it which looks like it's already reduced
the price of Bitcoin
substantially so basically they're
attacking Bitcoin now now was that a
coincidence somebody says this it's an
old story is it because I was wondering
if the story is legitimate and on target
is it an old
story so then it would not be true that
it was something new 48 hours after
Trump spoke all right well we'll put a
pin in that because there's some
question in the comments by the way I
love doing this live I love getting fact
checked in real
time you know you'd think I'd hate it
but since what we're trying to do here
is trying to determine what's real and
what isn't I do enjoy getting fact
checked in real time because
um we just can't be the ones who are
just saying here's the narrative except
this it got to be open to the other
side all right well I may have mentioned
this before but uh there's a uh material
that could be used for solar cells that
would make them way more powerful but
the problem is this new material has you
know weird crystalline micro structures
and it shape doesn't really work but if
it had the right shape tape it would be
way better than silicon for solar power
and it would change the economics of the
entire
industry looks like somebody solved
that this is one of those little stories
that could be so big I mean it could be
civilization altering big but apparently
they found uh so that it's a h parav
skites if I said that right so it's a
bunch of materials that would give you a
huge game in power conversion
if only they could find some clever way
to uh get rid of the the weird little
shapes of it and apparently some Hong
Kong University Science and Technology
Group figured out how
to use a process to normalize the
structures which would mean that the um
oh somebody saying that urick that uck
guy who some think is the second shooter
was antifa again I don't know if that's
true but I did see that in social media
so I'll just put it out there as part of
that
speculation anyway so uh so we've got uh
Now Chinese experiment with a generation
4 nuclear power reactor where they
turned it off and it didn't melt down
and then just turned it back on I think
um so that tells you Gen 4 works that
means nuclear power could get
standardized the government could
potentially say here here's a model that
you could build all day long and it's
already approved and then we go
nuts so between solar maybe being you
know 10 times better not too long from
now and and nuclear coming online it's
going to be a lot of fun energy
wise Fox news is saying that recent
College grads are terrible at job
interviews so 50% struggle with eye
contact
that makes sense because young people
are sort of used to looking at their
phones and not dealing with people in
person so that doesn't surprise me
they're bad at eye contact uh half of
them asked for unreasonable
compensation
now this is on a list of things that you
know make it look like the young people
are
defective but I don't think that's
defective to ask for too much
compensation I I kind of respect that
now maybe they don't get the job but
maybe that wasn't the job for them
because it didn't pay enough so um I
don't interpret asking for too much
money as a
negative go ahead and ask for too much
money if you need that much and you
would be willing to work someone else if
you can't get
it all right 47% of them dressed
inappropriately for a job interview what
in the world is an inappropriate address
for a job interview
like do you show show too much skin or
you're wearing blue jeans or you don't
have a suit I made the same mistake my
first big interview by the way I didn't
dress properly um that's interesting 27%
used inappropriate language what 27% of
job interviewees that are your recent
college graduates used inappropriate
language you mean
swearing or was it just they were
talking too casually maybe using too
much you know young people speak or
something like that probably the
latter 21% this is the funniest one 21%
refused to turn on the camera during a
virtual interview so the interview was
on the computer and they would be on
Zoom or whatever and they would refuse
to turn on the camera even when
asked how in the world do you expect to
get a job if you won't turn on the
camera during a video interview
and then the best one 19% of them
brought a parent to the
interview what have any of you seen that
yet I keep seeing statistics about it
but I've never heard of
it have you have some of you seen that
yet I saw Yes Yes goby so some of you
actually seen
that I'm seeing yeah another
yes my God
that that is just so
shocking I never would have expected
that 19% that's a
lot anyway well let's hope the young
people survive the robots will do all
the hard work and they can just cash
their Ubi
checks all right that's all I got for
you
today we'll uh go forward and find out
what the fake news has in store for us
don't be
weird and uh I'm going to talk to the
locals subscribers privately now but if
you're on X or rumble or YouTube thanks
for joining we'll be back here in the
morning for more fun but now locals
coming to you privately
in
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for