F down a little bit Tesla Tesla's
actually up almost 2%
today yeah not bad could be worse let's
get our comments going then we've got a
show for you the April fools special
edition better than anything you've ever
[Music]
seen are you ready for
this you should be
it's going to be
[Music]
amazing good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and there's never been a
better time in your whole life but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
when they're tining shiny human brains
all you need for that is a cuper Mugger
a glass of tanker chal a sign a canteen
suar flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dop means to the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called that's right the simultaneous hip
go oh wow all right well I have a theme
today as you know it's April Fool's Day
and it's it's hard to know what to trust
so I'm going to read you the news as I
always do but I'll check in to see if
you think the story is made up or
real so you're all going to be playing
like a game show today real or April
fools let's call it April fools includes
fake news okay just to make it
fun Story number one is this real or
fake you can now pre-order your Optimus
robot it's going to be just under
$30,000 and deliveries will begin at
late
2027 what do you think is that
real yes it's real you can get your
Optimus robot if you order it now uh
it'll only take you a few years two and
a half years now what's interesting
about that is it seems to me that it
wasn't that long ago that the robot
makers were promising it would be the
end of this year do you think it's
possible that the competitors to
Optimist will have robots that are fully
functional and can live in your house
and do what you tell them to in
2025 by the end of this year because I'm
pretty sure that's been promised here's
what I think I think that putting it out
to late 2027
is sort of a
admission that they haven't figured out
the brain part the AI know as advanced
as AI is now as impressive as it is and
as advanced as it will be in another six
months and another year I don't think
it's the right kind of AI so I think
they're going to have to invent a whole
new flavor of AI just to make robots
work and I think that's just purely a
guess that 27 will be soon enough we'll
see um but I'm not surprised that robots
got delayed from
2025 to
2027 just think what two years is in AI
time two years is not we're going to
tweak it you know to make it work on
robots AI means we don't have the
technology right now to make a robot we
have to invent the technology and we're
not exactly sure if we can we're pretty
we we feel confident enough to take your
money but uh yeah I would imagine that
there's going to be a lot of pre-orders
for
robots uh I do trust that Elon Musk
would not
Bluff you know I I don't think there's
any chance he's going to pretend he can
make a robot and then he can't make a
robot I think he'll make a robot and
you'll be happy to have it so to me it
seems honest
to push it down two years because I I do
think that's about what it will take
before they have something that's more
like you know general
intelligence all right real or not real
there's now a uh hormone free male birth
control pill uh centering human trials
it's not available on the market it's
99% effective so the University of
Minnesota is working on this it's
real um and it's a effective in animals
and now in human trials now I don't know
if the animals were having sex with each
other or the humans but probably just
with each other that that would be my
take on that yeah I mean the article
wasn't specific but I'm going to say
probably the animals were just getting
busy with each
other and uh now it's in human trials
with no animals
whatsoever big breakthrough
coming boys
can you imagine what trouble you'd get
into if you had no risk of pregnancy and
you didn't have to
trust my uh you know my phase is over so
I've sort of aged down of the whole uh
this dating situation but I went through
my whole life thinking that every time I
was in an intimate situation it might
create a baby you know even if birth
control was involved imagine if you
stopped worrying about that
I don't even know what that world would
be like it' be
weird um according to an article in
nature uh there was a study of over
3,300 people's
photos and they wanted to see if there
was any link between facial features and
political views do you think that a an
analysis of faces could tell you
somebody's political
views well yes uh I saw post on act from
John rain he said the authors found that
less attractive and less attractive and
more contemptuous women are more likely
to be left
leaning Is that real or is that April
fools is that less attractive and more
contemptuous that's just a funny word
you know I've never heard anybody being
called contemptuous in the real world
you were so
contemptuous um and the authors also
found that displaying a happy expression
is associated with being conservative
both among men and
women well here's another case where
they could have save some money just ask
me next time I I've seen the Tesla
protests I was pretty sure I could have
guessed this one without any research
whatsoever all right here's the next one
April fools are
real uh according to the Atlantic which
is a highly respectable
publication um ice sent an innocent
father my God from Maryland to oh God to
a tortured dungeon in El Salvador you
know one of those um filled to the brink
shirtless tud guys El salador prisons
and and the government is doing nothing
to fix it my God my God if it's in the
Atlantic it must be true is it real or
April
fools well it's fake news he was a he
was actually MS13 they did not send a
innocent father from Maryland to to El
Salvador I wouldn't be surprised if at
least one
person who's who's not totally gang
affiliated got sent away once but I also
don't mind that the risk is on other
people for
change you know it it would be a
horrible situation to send somebody who
is not a criminal to one of those El
Salvador jails it well it's a horrible
situation no matter who you send just
horrible everything about it is horrible
but I'm still in favor of it because it
puts the puts the downside on somebody
else puts a downside on criminals puts a
little risk on people who may not not be
legal
citizens and uh takes a risk off of
me well Trump has referred to that story
we call the signal gate story about the
adding of Jeffrey Goldberg the the
journalist accidentally being added to a
chat
group um and according to the hill Trump
has uh said that story is quote old and
boring he says this story and narrative
is so old and boring
but only used because we were having the
most successful first 100 presidential
days in the history of America they
can't find anything else to talk
about and then he just adds for a good
for good measure Trump adds the fake
news media has the lowest approval
rating in history and for good reason
now that is
perfect one of the things that uh Trump
understands better than really any
politician is the business model of TV
and the news and celebrity and what's
interesting and what makes a story and
what doesn't make a story and I think
he's brilliant to talk about this story
as
boring it's exactly right if you just
keep telling people the story is old and
boring they will just stop carrying
about the details I never thought this
was important and I also uh
although I was maybe
surprised I do like the fact that nobody
lost their job over it should they have
lost their job I don't care here's what
I care about I don't want to I don't
want the media to think they got a
scalp and I don't want them to start
picking off you know one person after
another on the the Trump team because it
was hard enough to get the team together
and now that they're up and running and
things are happening the last thing I
want is for one stupid little
publication after another like the
Atlantic to come up with one more stupid
story that's old and boring before it
even started and that it takes out
somebody's
career I love the fact that Trump says
nope it's small it's boring things
happen I'm not doing anything I love
that uh I think that was actually the
most baller thing he could do even
though even though I fully understand
the argument on the other side which is
in a situation like this you sort of
might expect somebody to resign but I'm
just glad they didn't because it would
be showing a a vulnerable
Underside and instead of that uh I think
Trump has shown that he's going to
support his people which is always good
and that they're not vulnerable to you
know BS stories that are smallish
stories
that can be blown into something big by
the media so I like
it according to Iowa State Nathan cook
is writing about this there's a study
that says um scientists can figure out
what your
political um position is whether you're
a conservative or or a liberal based on
what your brain does when you buy
groceries and all it is is uh apparently
conservatives use a different part of
their brain to buy ordinary groceries so
they use you know boring stuff like eggs
and milk because they're kind of generic
and then they just measured what happens
to their brain and they they said uh
they can determine with 80% accuracy
what your politics are your political
affiliation based on which part of your
brain lights up when you buy milk and
bit eggs it has nothing to do with you
know the political question about eggs
because I think this story was done
before that the study was done um but
the co-author Darren shriber said we
know from studies of twins that about
50% of your political ideology is
biologically
heritable and uh they can from that I
guess the math works that they can
figure out your political party with 69%
accuracy I guess if they knew your
parents political leaning
now that proves there's no free
will is that April fools or
real April fools are
real it's proof there's no free
will because they can determine your
political leaning by just looking at
your
brain if the structure of your
brain is causing you to be a certain way
do you have free will
just joking it's a real
story all right there's another story
science alert that uh there's a woman
who had lost her ability to speak
because of a some brain stem stroke when
she's 30 but scientists according to
science alert Mike McCrae is writing
about this they've uh they inserted some
kind of a brain uh I don't know a brain
uh brain implant
that would allow her simply to think
what she wanted to
say and it gets translated into a
synthesized version of her
voice is that real or April fools is
real so apparently they can just put
that in you do you know why they didn't
test that on a
man do you know why they'll never put
one of these in a
man because the last thing anybody wants
to know is what a man is thinking
[Laughter]
we all know what women are thinking so
there there's nothing to be
revealed everybody knows exactly what
women are thinking all the time because
they'll tell you just ask but if you
knew what men were
thinking I'm sorry things would be very
weird if if you could if men just
blurted out everything they were
thinking
well it's funny that this is
real apple is uh making a move to be
your digital doctor I guess they're
building AI Health agents so it' be just
an artificial agent they'll be like a
virtual doctor it'll be in their I guess
new operating systems upcoming and
they'll analyze your health data from
your phone and your wearables and your
Fitness and Nutrition and everything and
they will make real time
recommendations of what to do different
or
differently and uh that would be of
course the first step in enslaving us
now here's what I think uh and you've
you've heard versions of this before so
it's not like an original only one it's
not like I'm the only one who ever said
this but the way the uh AI Will Conquer
humans is by being so useful that when
they tell us to do something it becomes
ridiculous not to let me give you my
example I like to use do you know how
sometimes you forget that you might need
to drink of water like you could get a
little a little dehydrated but and that
it can make a big difference in how you
feel the dehydration but you might not
you know you might be busy and you're
not thinking about it so you just don't
do it well what happened if your AI
could sense your dehydration
and then it starts saying uh Scott you
might think of having a sip of water and
the first time it does it I say to
myself ah you know I don't want to walk
across the room and get it I'll do it
later but then eventually I think H okay
it's telling me to get water again so I
take a sip of water and then I start
noticing that I feel better then the
next time it recommends something I
think to myself well okay I don't want
to be bothered doing this but I did feel
better when I did the other thing and if
it's accurate and if it keeps telling
you the right thing how are you going to
ignore it I mean it it will be so
useful and it will make you feel better
and you will know it make you feel
better that you're going to drop
whatever you were doing or thinking to
do whatever the AI told you to do right
then I would so they're going to be able
to train you like Pavlov's dog that
you'll get a treat for following what
the AI tells you the treat would be you
feel better so as soon as you start
seeing that connection between taking
the ai's advice and getting a treat you
know even if the treat sometimes takes
longer to
get you're going to be basically a slave
to the AI and I don't see that it could
go really any other way because it's
simply how we're wired if if something
works and has utility and We Know It And
we can feel
it we keep doing it that's just how
we're
designed Amazon's uh AGI lab so I guess
that's some version of AI is unveiled
Nova act so that's an AI agent that can
control your browser to perform tasks
how many of you are ready to let Amazon
or any other big company control your
browser even though technically you
would be the one controlling it through
the AI app but wouldn't that feel creepy
to know that some
company can control your
browser even though they say that it's
not them controlling it they would say
no it's you controlling it do you think
there's any chance that the CIA would
not have to get a back door to that if
if a big company had a AI agent that you
could tell hey check my email and you
would have all your passwords and
everything so what good would it be if
it didn't have any passwords
right pretty much would need them and
you just say oh like the process I do in
the morning you know I I would love this
um if there were no security issues if I
would just say hey it's time to publish
the dilber comic to my subscribers again
they're about I don't know 20 different
keystrokes and steps just to do that I
would love to just tell it to do it and
then watch it do it for me but that
would also mean that if anybody had a
back door to that little agent it could
control my entire
world he could get into everything so
this is going to be a scary one I will
bet that people will adopt this
including me because the utility of it
will be just so good you know whether
it's Amazon's or some other company the
the usefulness will just be off the
charts so yeah I'm I'm going to
basically give up that privacy so I can
get that function I'm going to fight it
in my mind but in the real world
probably not all
right April fools are real china has now
launched autonomous flying
taxis so if you want to do some
sightseeing or I guess later they're
going to do delivery and urban Transit
but right now sort of a sort of a
sightseing thing you can go and there'll
be nobody but you and you will sit in
this helicopter looking thing more like
a drone than a helicopter and it will
take off and
without without any extra what you think
that's April fools no it's a flying taxi
in China it's already approved it's in
action the answer is it's
real china has autonomous flying
sightseeing taxis that's the real thing
now I do wonder if their AI is as good
as let's say
Tesla because you know I would trust
Tesla to drive my autonomous flying car
or my regular car cuz they've got good
AI for
that but if these things are run by Deep
seek or something like
that is that good enough to keep you
alive I don't know I don't
know um I guess Elon Musk revealed uh
maybe yesterday the other day that doge
is going to start looking at members of
Congress who got quote strangely wealthy
New York Post is reporting on this now
we've all asked these questions how in
the world
do these members of Congress get so much
money it looks like it must be something
illegal um I'm a little hesitant on this
one believe it or
not um I'm not so
sure that the people that they're going
to look at did anything wrong to get
their
money um let me give you an
example so uh one of the one of the ones
of course everybody wonders about is
Pelosi so her wealth you know went
amazingly higher during her time in
office but first of all she was in
office
forever secondly her husband is
literally a venture
capitalist so it's not that surprising
when a venture capitalist makes a lot of
money and then a lot of uh Paul's
Investments were in companies like apple
Microsoft Amazon Google and
Netflix now do you think he had inside
information or was he just good at
investing because anybody who bought
those companies and they were all
publicly available anybody could have
bought them everybody knew that they had
good
prospects
and you would have at least I don't know
40 years of being involved in companies
like
that I feel like you'd be you know
quadrupling or something your money so
no this is a real story no no April
Fools in this um but I don't know why
Doge would be the one looking into it it
seems to me that would be more of a
criminal sort of thing but maybe I'll be
open-minded on this because I don't
think Elon would make that mistake of
you know getting too far into law
enforcement without being a law
enforcement entity
so I would be surprised I think it was
who was it that was at the head of usaid
I might have this wrong by the way
correction I think I said something
about the the head of signal being
arrested in France and then somebody
said that was the head of telegram so
that's a
correction um but who was it the usaid
who whose uh whose net wealth went you
know went up $16 million or something
and I looked at the uh the time period
and anyone who had basically moved money
into stocks at about that time probably
doubled their money so some of this is
just going to be if you have enough
people making enough investments in
enough
ways some number of them are going to
double triple quadruple their money just
like the rest of the world there there
are lucky people who hit the the
investment lottery so I think maybe it's
going to look worse than it really
is it looks bad I have to admit it looks
bad but uh I'll bet there's going to be
a lot less crime found than they think
and I don't know why doge is doing
it well ice deportations have reached uh
over
100,000 and remember these are the
people who actually are
criminals
100,000 known criminals have already
been
deported now if you were to make an
estimate this one's real too by the way
not April fools if you were to make an
estimate of how many extra crimes those
lifetime criminals would do if they were
to stay here and let's say they just
kept operating for years how many extra
crimes do you think each of those would
have done like pretty serious crimes you
know things that matter to people I'm
going to say
10 now you you could do your own math at
home but but if 100,000 known
criminals were to stay in this country
for I don't know 10 more years don't you
think they'd have at
least at least 10 more crimes a
piece does that make sense which means
that Trump already has saved a million
crimes 1 million crimes now that's if
each of them would do 10 Apes if if you
want to say but Scott they would only do
five a piece well that's half a million
half a million crimes and we're not
talking about the little kind these are
some really really really dangerous gang
members and stuff who probably do a
crime a day yeah I'm right it might be
closer to a thousand if you add it up
with everything but that would be that
would be you know owning a gun illegally
and you know you if you threw in every
single charge it'd be ,000 but if you
went to you know how many victims are
there that might be a smaller
number but yeah I think I think Trump
should be reporting if they could come
up with a statistic of what are the
likely extra crimes that a career
criminal will do in 10 or 20 years I
think Trump should be reporting how many
crimes he's avoided it could be a
million it could be 5 million these are
really impressive numbers
way more impressive than the number of
people although that's super impressive
but if a president comes in in the first
100 days gets rid of a million crimes a
million I think that's perfectly
reasonable
estimate we've never seen anything like
that that that would be one of the
greatest
accomplishments of any president ever
and I think he's already hit it
so there's that well in other news
there's an iceberg the size of Chicago
they say that broke off of the Antarctic
ice shelf an iceberg the size of
Chicago well you know since ice is the
group that's deporting all the
criminals and this uh iceberg is the
size of a country and I'm going to call
it Chicago Burg because it's an iceberg
the size of Chicago I think that if the
El Salvadorian prisons get
full that we should bring the rest of
the criminals to Chicago Berg and just
just put them on the iceberg because
it's not like they're going to escape
you know we keep them warm you make sure
that they don't freeze to death but uh
yeah just put them on Chicago
Burg some of that is true but not the
part about putting criminal there all
right uh speaking of Doge and arresting
people uh musk also said that uh I guess
this would be today he thinks somebody
was going to be arrested today is who
actually stole 400,000 Social Security
numbers and personal information from
the Socialist security database and was
selling socialist Security numbers so
that basically people could steal money
from Social
Security now that's real that's like a
real story there was somebody who stole
400,000 Social Security numbers but my
question is how does Doge know who it
was like how did Doge catch the
person is it that easy and if Doge could
catch that person why was this person
not caught
before I don't know so I got questions
but uh this is tantalizingly interesting
that that this level of crime first of
all happened and second of all that Doge
Doge could find out who it
was fairly
expeditiously I if this is real and this
person gets arrested and and convicted
that's an impressive accomplishment I
got to
say all right this next one real or
April fools according to a study from
the University of Colorado and CBS is
posting on this on X one out of every 15
American adults have been at a mass
shooting one and a 15 have been at a
mass shooting real or April
fools I'm going to add one extra data
point to that not only has one out of
every 15 American adults been to a mass
shooting but weirdly I've been to every
one of
them April fools April Fools so it is
true that CBS News posted it and it is
true that it's a study and it's a claim
there's not really any chance is
true I I like when the fake news is so
obviously fake that you don't even need
to be that good at math you just look at
it go one out of
15 no how many of you know 15 people
most of you
right how many people do you know your
personal group of the first 15 people
you think of who have attended a mass
shooting I'm going to say no my first 15
how about the second 15 you can think of
like your your extended extended Circle
and them been to a mass shooting going
to say no I I think I would have to get
my numbers up to like a thousand you
know the the closest thousand people I
know before I had any chance that one of
them had ever been to a mass shooting so
let's call that one April fools or fake
news as you
prefer well that uh Tesla fire bomber
guy is in a lot of
trouble Christina Leela at the Gateway
pundit writing that uh Pam Bondi
announced federal charges against that
Tesla fire bomber I think we've talked
about this before but uh I love the fact
that the Department of Justice is is
going hard at this because this is
really bad stuff
and um but I would add
this I I keep seeing people saying that
they know the motivation of the
protesters or even the motivation of the
the ones doing the the violence or the
asset destruction which is very
similar and you know sometimes people
say they're paid
uh other will say they're brainwashed
other will say um they're bored and
retired and I've watched enough of these
you know interviews with them that I've
developed my own hypothesis about their
motivation and the answer is it's all
different I I think it's just the oddest
group of people and they just all have
different reasons and maybe some of them
got paid maybe some of them are retired
and went with a friend and maybe some of
them are just idiots and they believe
the
news um some of them are just mad
because elon's rich and successful and
they're not some of them are mad because
they heard uh that uh Doge was going to
cut their benefits which they're not but
they believed it I feel like it's just a
whole bunch of weirdos all with their
own
reasons but the one thing you can say
for sure is none of them are up to date
on the
news I don't think there's a single
person that I saw interviewed at one of
the uh Tesla protest I've seen quite a
few people try to interview them not a
single one could explain to you anything
in the news just anything accurately I
mean they'll tell you oh he's going to
cut your Medicare and your Social
Security no he's doing the
opposite doge is the only thing that
could guarantee you might get your
Social Security it's not the thing
taking it away it's literally the
opposite of that
so yeah so uh yeah I don't think there
there's anything they have in common
except they're not too well
informed meanwhile Trump's uh tax plan
according to treasury secret secretary
Scott
bessent he was telling Fox News this um
it would make the 2017 tax cuts
permanent um it would make uh eliminate
it would eliminate taxes on
tips now eliminating taxes on tips is
kind of interesting because um I like it
you know I used to work for tips and I
used to own a restaurant and I you know
I'd want all the people who work at
restaurants to do well so I'm
emotionally I'm totally in favor of that
but I wonder how much federal taxes were
people paying who were receiving
tips weren't we also talking about below
a certain
number people don't pay any taxes at all
at least federal taxes so it probably
isn't that expensive which makes it
extra brilliant to say that you're not
going to tax them but I love that um and
there would be no tax on overtime pay
again I absolutely love that because it
it makes such a
clear um American statement that if you
put an extra you're going to get extra
and not just overtime a little extra on
the extra so incentivizing hard work
well I I couldn't be happier now we also
have this uh we're going to have a human
power shortage we're can have a lot of
older people that we want to not retire
because they have the skills we won't
have you know as much institutional
knowledge as we used to because we'll
just have fewer people everywhere
working and our you know population
doesn't seem to be growing that fast so
incentivizing the people who do know
what they're doing to work a little
extra and get a nice you know nice
really healthy benefit from the extra
work I love everything about that and
and then this one's just personal uh but
I like it for other people too no tax on
social
security do you know the shock I got
when I realized that my Social Security
was going to be taxed at my current tax
rate which is pretty
obscene my Social
Security I work all that I work all
those years and you know to be fair I
don't it but I decided to apply for it
because I wanted to make sure that at
least I got a you know a dollar back
from all the social security I'd ever
paid I just it was sort of a
psychological thing I just wanted to see
something just something come back
and since I'm still
working which makes me feel like a
sucker because because at my current
income they just rape me on the on the
taxes of my own Social Security payments
it is so maddening and again it's you
know doesn't change my life but
psychologically it's just like a kick in
the nuts and something shoved up your
ass at the same time it is just so
offensive that the government promised
me this social security again I don't
need it this is just
psychological and uh and then when it's
time to get it and I I wasn't really
paying attention you know because it
wasn't high on my
list but when I finally go through the
work of applying for it I find out it's
going to be taxed oh my God so yes get
rid of taxes on Social Security
absolutely get rid of those taxes so I'm
all for
that how about the least surprising news
of the day that Ukraine allegedly
attacked some power facilities which was
was part of the deal that they weren't
supposed to do but then uh was there a
deal because it seems to me that both
the ukrainians and the
Russians at some point maybe somebody
thought there was a deal but then the
Russians wanted to add some stuff and
ukrainians wanted to add some stuff so
they never really had a deal but the the
one thing you could be sure of even if
they had a deal to not attack power
stations they were just going to pack
attack power stations and and they would
just blame the other one of doing it
first I don't think there's the
slightest chance that either Ukraine or
Russia want to stop fighting for
whatever reasons and so it does look
like the European Union is going to
consolidate control over Europe
essentially I'd call it a um what do we
call it sort of a
coup because then whoever's the headed
the European Union Union is just getting
more and more powerful you know in
influence at least and so Europe is just
turning into one big bag of nonsense
over there and uh yeah apparently
they're going to get into a major fight
directly with
Russia so I hope uh United States is not
part of
that well you know I always make fun of
all the NOS the fake NOS are steal all
their money for years and they'll have
these generic names uh there's one
called the US Institute of
Peace and Doge caught them deleting a a
terabyte of financial data linking them
to funding the Taliban and Iraqi
leadership that's the US Institute of
Peace your tax
money would go you know there as well as
lots of other places but your tax money
was going to the US Institute of Peace
who was then giving it to the Taliban to
continue making uh growing
poppies and paying for Iraqi
leadership uh Mike Ben reminds us that
the US Institute piece was
simultaneously funding the Taliban while
lobbying the Taliban to keep illegal
drugs flowing from the world's biggest
narcotics Zone
that's a real story believe it or
not
um but I do think I haven't heard
anybody say this recently but I remember
hearing that the drugs coming out of
Afghanistan were primarily going to Iran
and that's why the US was in favor of it
because we were basically trying to
destroy Iran From the Inside by turning
them into drug
addicts H that could be true I don't
know
um turns out that Princeton's in trouble
the Trump has paused 210 million of
federal
funding uh because they're um
allegedly they got an F by the
Anti-Defamation League for handling
anti-Semitism now if you don't know
anything about the Anti-Defamation
League the Anti-Defamation leue leag uh
the head of the organization publicly
called me a holocaust
denier now I'm not a holocaust denier
but that should give you some impression
of what their credibility is it's
absolute trash it's it's a
complete uh disrespectable
organization that you know sometimes is
just a Democrat hit piece I think they
hate Elon Musk and uh so they don't have
any credibility whatsoever but uh I
guess I guess it's being used as an
excuse by Trump to pause this funding to
Princeton
and I don't know how Princeton handles
that because Princeton can't really go
against the
ADL because people don't know that
they're completely you know
non-credible so just having them come
after you was pretty bad so good luck to
that
um at the same time the Trump
Administration is looking to pull 8
billion in federal funding from
Harvard um also because they're looking
at them for their you know they're to
see if they're doing enough to battle
anti-Semitism now that would be 8
billion over some number of years but
really the US government was giving
Harvard $8
billion even over multiple years for I
guess mostly research now you might say
to yourself but that research is
valuable to which I would say well why
don't you show me a you know some kind
of a list of all the great things that
have come out at Harvard and then I'll
compare that to the billions that we
spent over that period and I'll make up
my own mind whether that was worth it
because I've got a feeling that
that's a high number now I've also heard
before that the the
percentage of the money that's given
from the government for this sort of
thing mostly goes to the university as
opposed to the actual research have you
heard that I I guess I'll take a fact
check on this but I have heard that the
majority of every dollar just goes to
Harvard for whatever it wants to use it
for and you know a small part of that
goes to the actual science is that
true because to me that's that's as bad
is the anti-Semitism they got two
problems not
one but I I like the uh I like the
administration putting pressure on these
colleges to make sure that they're not
anti-semitic because they definitely
seemed a bit anti-semitic to me well Ty
Taiwan is surrounded by 19 Chinese
warships uh and some big aircraft
carrier um they of course are continuing
to show that they can take Taiwan want
to um the last thing they want to is
have an actual War but uh they sure like
showing their
muscle so we'll keep an eye on
that that's a real
story um
so apparently uh China has blocked the
sale of uh the Panamanian ports that
were managed by some Chinese Hong Kong
companies which are Chinese companies um
and the post millenial is writing about
this and that does suggest that China
did have functional control of the ports
because if Chinese companies were
running the
ports and then those Chinese companies
were not allowed to operate on own and
sell their assets to I think it was
black rock that uh that does suggest
that the Chinese government was in
control of those ports because it seems
to have functional control over the
Chinese or Hong Kong
companies that are running those
ports so that's exactly what it looks
like I do
expect that the net effect of this will
be that probably some military warships
will pull up outside of Panama and I
think I think Trump is going to do the
Taiwan method where you don't want to
have an actual war in
Panama but if you did you would pretty
well know what direction it went right
it's not like Panama's going to win that
war so it's the same as H China
surrounding Taiwan I think all we'd have
to do is put an armada just off the
coast of Panama and say hey maybe uh
maybe we should have control of those
ports I think we'd get it pretty quickly
Panama's not
crazy and once they realize that it's
not a bluff that we're going to have
control of Panama one way or the other
and by the way I completely agree with
Trump on this you can't let China have
functional control of the Panama
Canal so yeah if if it takes some mil
milary movement
unfortunately we kind of have to do it
so I agree with them on
that um Trump has
uh Trump has said he's confirmed that
the US is in contact with North Korean
Korean leader Kim Jong-un he said quote
we have a great relationship he's a
smart guy I've got to know him very well
and then he T he was talking to the
press and he says you people hate to
hear that but it's very important you
know I love the fact that when Trump is
President the odds of uh North Korea
doing something like lobbing a nuke in
our Direction it kind of drops to
zero because as long as the President of
the United States wants to be your buddy
why would you attack it just wouldn't
make any sense you know there there's no
risk not on his part and it's all upside
I'm going to make a
prediction I think Kim Jong-un is going
to get an invitation to visit
America I don't know that he'll come
because he might not trust it or China
might say don't do that but I think he's
going to get an invitation can you
imagine what that would look like like
the show that that would be now if I
were Kim Jung gun the only way I would
do it is if I came came over on a
Chinese Diplomat
airplane so that I'd feel safe because
the US is not going to blow up a Chinese
Diplomat airplane so that you wouldn't
have to worry about there was some you
know clever trick to kill him or
anything like that and imagine just
taking him to a basketball
game like to the
finals can you imagine Trump and Kim
Jong-un just showing up at like the
final of basketball you know at the
NBA it would be wild it would just be so
so out of the box incredible
ridiculously wild that you wouldn't be
able to think about anything else for a
week so I think it might
happen well I got my answer to what is
the plan for attacking the hoodies
because you know we've been bombing the
hoodies
and the uh the question was
what's the end game like what do we
think is how long are we going to be
bombing them and is there anything we
could do to ever make it stop and I
guess Trump said uh we'll keep uh
attacking the hoodies quote until they
are no longer a threat to freedom of
navigation now you might think that's
not an answer because you don't know how
long that will take but I do that will
take forever I think he's basically
saying we're just going to build a
permanent presence there and as much
bombing as it takes to make it safe
we'll just do it every day and uh we'll
just bomb and bomb and bomb and bomb and
it will just be a routine I I think he's
going to turn it from a war into more of
a maintenance project all right we got
to do a little maintenance in uh in
Yemen uh looks like they put up another
another radar detection thing and looks
like they got another missile so let's
do a little maintenance take that out so
I think it's turned War into maintenance
because you know so far there's not a
gigantic risk to our own forces uh so
far I mean I imagine they do have some
anti-aircraft stuff but so far it looks
like they're just going to test their
weapons and build a permanent facility
because they built a it looks like they
the US has built some kind of a bomber
Airfield um
I just saw Naval blockade in the
comments and I thought I thought you
said nval blockade and I thought why
would you why would you want to blockade
in the
all anyway let's call it
Naval so looks like that's the plan I
don't have a better plan so I won't even
criticize it I mean it's terrible but I
don't have a better
plan all right ladies and gentlemen that
is my story for today you did very well
in identifying the fake news compared to
the real news as far as we
know
um all right so that's all I got I'm
going to talk to the uh locals privately
my my subscribers on locals the rest of
you thanks for joining we'll see you
same time tomorrow for more fun on
coffee with Scott Adams
all right Rumble and x and
YouTube thanks for joining in 30 seconds
we'll be private with
locals
e
e
e for