yes I'm a little late this morning took
me a little extra time to find my
coffee you know if you don't have your
coffee sometimes you can't find your
coffee you might be wondering why I've
got one cup in my hand and one coffee
mug over my shoulder it's because I like
coffee you should
too and hey you know what time it is
it's time for the simultaneous sip it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams it's
time to grab your mug your cup your
container your chalice your Stein your
beverage holder lift it to your lips and
join me for the simultaneous
zp now as you know it's the holiday
season and the news is getting squirly
and less fun in in some ways in other
words the news is not big anymore but
there's still lots of it so let's talk
about the News That's not that big but
there's lots of it you may have heard
that uh Eric balling who lost his son to
an opioid opioid overdose I believe is
having an event with
Melania uh at Liberty University talking
about the issue and I'm just going to
call that out to give some uh kudos to
both Eric balling and to Melania for
raising this issue so uh the the higher
its priority goes the more likely we're
going to get something productive done
so good work by Eric balling and by
Melania who is definitely being
best all right um have you ever heard
the pictures don't
lie there's a photo on the front of CNN
they their
page where there's a photo of a woman
with two young children and she's
running in fear from a a cloud
of uh what is it uh smoke uh teargas so
there's tear gas she's at the border
she's part of the
Caravan uh and she's running from the
smoke and it's a it's a scary picture
now did you see the picture before they
cropped
it this is a cropped picture I saw the
original before it was
cropped um and if you see the wider
picture uh right so they've got a it's
narrowly cropped so you can just see the
gas and the the the woman with two young
girls you know running in fear from it
now first of all distance-wise the gas
looks to be
maybe I don't know
50 50 ft away and it's just a little
cloud of gas on the ground and it's just
dear
gas sobody he says it's not gas but what
whatever it is that the police use to
disperse groups somebody says it's a
smoke bomb not a tear gas oh I wonder if
that's true could be it could be just to
scare people into running so that would
be even smarter probably but here's
thing I saw the picture before it was
cropped and in the background there's
something like several hundred young men
trying to climb over the wall and invade
the country now I know you don't call it
invading because they don't have weapons
and they're they're trying to they're
trying to escape their country and stuff
like that so I get you can play with the
words and not call it an invasion but
this is one of those clear
situations where photos
lie and more than that it's an
intentional lie you know sometimes a
photo can be misleading sometimes you
can interpret it wrong but in this case
it's obvious that a a decision was made
to crop out all of the things that would
refute the photo itself so that my
friends is a lie that's fake news even
though the photo is photographing an
actual event these are are real people
and and I do feel sorry for them I feel
can you imagine having two young kids
and you know being essentially homeless
in a in a different country and you
don't know if you can get into this one
and so from an empathy perspective I've
I've got plenty of empathy so you know I
would like to see a good outcome for
these folks as well as everybody
else but the
photo is a lie is the real story that
the photo would tell if you saw it was
that it's very there just a very few
people are even female or children I
don't know what the percentage is but
that photo would make it look like they
were literally the only ones there and
the rest were men that's not true that's
just what the photo would have looked
like if they hadn't cropped it um
somebody is prompted me to talk about
apparently Alan dtz has
predicted that the Mueller report will
be politically quote devastating for the
president politically devastating and
somebody asked me hey are you going to
change your opinion on the meller thing
now that dwit says it will be
politically devastating and the answer
is no cuz that was always my
opinion does there anybody think who
thinks that the Muller report will not
be politically
devastating I I don't believe there's
anybody who's on any side of this who
believes anything else do
they um I certainly agree with jtz that
there's no legal risk that we've seen in
other words there's nothing we know of
directly or indirectly that would
suggest that the president is any in any
legal risk but if you put enough lawyers
on something and you have them talk
about it long enough and they produce a
report for non- lawyers to read it's
going to be filled with
stuff that they can jabber about almost
exactly like the president's tax returns
it if you said to me what will be the
outcome of the president releasing his
tax returns which by the way I don't
think he's going to do but it suppose he
was what would be your prediction about
that well my prediction would be there's
nothing illegal in there and it would be
politically
devastating not because there's anything
illegal in there but because it's so
much to talk about so much to be taken
out of context so much to be spun the
wrong way so much to be
misinterpreted so when dot says the uh
the it will be politically devastating
whatever comes out of the Muller report
doesn't everybody think that I mean you
don't have to be the finest you know
legal mind in the
world which you know dtz might be it's
just sort of obvious of course it'll be
politically devastating now let's put
politically devastating in
context politically devastating for a
normal
politician would mean that's politically
devastating what does politically
devastating mean in the context of
President
Trump it's
Tuesday that's it in the world in the
world of President Trump politically
devastating just means something to talk
about for a
week and then there'll be more news do
you know how much do you know how much
news the White House will generate at
the same time that the Muller report
comes out with its political devastating
stuff you're never going to see so much
progress made in this world than the
week that that report comes out because
it'll be you know trying to take the
energy off of the
report so unlike a normal
politician who faced with something
politically
devastating would have to crawl under a
rock or would have to you know just give
up or
something um the I think the smart money
says and of course there there's no way
to be certain about any of this stuff
but the smart money says that Trump will
uh just create so much activity at the
same time time that you can't look away
from that the the Muller report will
look boring by comp
comparison so while Trump cannot make
the Muller report go away and he can't
make its conclusions any more politic
any less politically devastating in
terms of you know the content he can
certainly make them
boring so I would look for that so
compared to whatever else he's going to
be doing that week when that report
comes out the report is just going to
look
tedious you know trust me on
that um so
Alexandria Alexandria Octavia Cortez
back in the news surprise
surprise um she made some reference to
the Holocaust uh and the Caravan or
something I didn't even have to read it
cuz it doesn't matter what she said what
matters is people react to it and the
way people react to it is ah how could
she say that she's so stupid that that
AOC that we can't stop talking about
that person we're obsessing about she's
so dumb wait what is she trying to do oh
she's trying to make us only talk about
her never
mind of course she's saying provocative
things did he think that was going to
stop
does it matter whether her analogy is a
good
analogy no doesn't matter does it matter
that it might be factually inaccurate I
don't know if it is I don't even know
what she said it doesn't matter none of
that stuff matters all that matters is
that you're talking about her now
uh I I know I'm going to get in trouble
for this next thing
but I don't know what what is it about
me that I can't keep out in trouble
there's
um there's a white supremacist writing
for
CNN let me see if I can find his opinion
piece
um now you're probably saying to
yourself wait what what did you say
there's a white
supremacist looks like it's already
taken down oh my god did they already
take this article
down it looks like I'm sorry I don't
mean to be ignoring you for a moment
huh it looks like they got rid of it 10
minutes after I read it which would not
be the wrong idea so let me explain what
it was I'm not even going to give the
name of the person because apparently
CNN's too embarrassed about about this
opinion piece that they even took it
down it didn't last that long maybe they
were going to take it down anyway no way
to know
but so the the point of it was that Fox
News is using AOC as their new their new
whipping person according to this white
supremacist who was writing for um
CNN um that Fox News was doing it to you
know get all of its white Watchers white
people watching it all worked up about
the invasion of brown
people and so that was his point of view
but here's why I'm calling the author
whose name I won't use a white
supremacist I'm actually using his own
definition so the the way he defined it
in terms of the content of his article
was that it would include himself quite
quite clearly so his definition of a
white supremacist goes like
this if you say I'm not talking about
race but there's a a cultural thing that
has to be considered about
immigration then you're a white
supremacist if you're white
and if you're obsessing with race
instead of talking about things other
than race you're probably a white
supremacist now the article itself did
exactly those things it talked about
culture as being separate from the
question of race that's exactly what the
author used as a definition of somebody
who is a racist and is a white
supremacist so the the author was
modeling the behavior that he was
labeling as white supremacy and I think
maybe it's possible that somebody at CNN
caught on to that now the of course the
point of the article was to paint some
I'm not even going to use their names
but he pointed out some uh hosts at Fox
News who he said were were complaining
about the quote Browning of
America have you ever heard probably
most of you have seen Fox News have you
ever heard a host
of Fox News complain about the Browning
of
America
no no you have not heard that if there
was ever a Fox News person a pundit or a
host who ever complained about using
this word the Browning of
America bam I believe that they would
end the broadcast in the middle wouldn't
they like I don't even think that show
would get to the end of the hour they
would be yanked off the air that they
would like put a commercial on and they
would yank them off the air I'm pretty
confident that that would be the case I
mean maybe they'd go to the end of their
show but they would definitely be fired
like fired forever if anybody on on Fox
News used that term or even that concept
if anybody even referred to that they'd
be
fired in a hot minute who used that word
a writer for
CNN so simply talking about these topics
is what makes you a white supremacist
and the author was talking about these
topics and so by his own definition
would be including himself as a white
supremacist so I guess I'm not too
surprised not too surprised that that
article is no longer at least featured
on the
front all right I had to mention that um
next there's a story that I'm not sure
how true it is yet but uh because there
are some denials on this story but
there's a story that a Chinese
hospital has been involved in creating a
gene edited
baby I'll just let that sit there for a
while so the hospital seems to be
denying it but there are reports that it
happened that uh a baby
was born with some Gene editing the
specific editing that is alleged is that
the baby has been created to be uh
resistant to
HIV think about that a baby who is Gene
edited to not be able to get
AIDS now I don't know if it's true or if
it's something that's so close to being
true it's going to happen any day day
now
but what does that say about the next 80
years let's let's say you're looking at
the
economic uh impact the economic impact
of climate change let's say you're
looking at that we'll talk about that in
a minute
too if you try to look at the economics
of the world and you're saying hey in 80
years we'll have a 10% hit on the GDP
from climate change even if that's
true who knows of what's true in 80
years but even if it were
true what would it do to health care
costs if the baby's born in the next 10
years can't get
diseases what would happen to the total
health care cost in 80 years if all of
the babies born let's say 10 years from
now and onwards are all Gene edited so
they just can't get the worst diseases
that cost too much money
what happens what happens uh in a 100
years if you have one country that is
all Gene edited because let's say it's a
developed country and their rules allow
it but they have a competing country
that has no Gene editing either for
religious reasons or because they don't
have the economics to do
it what would be the what would be the
uh defense implications of that because
one virus could wipe out one country and
not have any impact on the other one
because the other one would have all
Gene edited babies that can't get
whatever disease that is does that
become a defense problem there are a lot
of implications here to think about uh
my take on Gene editing is that it's
guaranteed meaning that because it can
be done and people will want it and
there's money and you know has all the
all the qualities will make it a
guaranteed Trend there there isn't the
slightest chance you know this is one of
those things you can predict with 100%
certainty which is rare usually things
have you know well 80% chance this will
happen but Gene editing is 100% there
isn't the slightest chance that in the
future when it becomes easy to edit a
baby's genes you know in the
womb I guess not in the womb I they must
do it in the test Tu before it gets in
the womb but once it's possible and
practical and
affordable it'll be legal somewhere so
if you have the money to do it you might
have to let's take for example let's say
the United States says it's illegal to
do Gene editing I don't know if we will
but let's just say that for a thought
experiment if the gene editing happens
in the embryo and you know in the egg
and the sperm let's say that's where
it's happening it's in a test tube it's
not in the person can't we just ship
that stuff
offshore 12 miles offshore do the gene
editing
offshore and then ship the package back
to the United States put it in a human
being would that still be illegal
because the gene editing didn't happen
in the United States so if you're
thinking yourself we will have laws that
will stop that Gene
editing good luck with that good luck
with that I don't see any way laws can
stop Gene editing it's going to be
here all right
um uh will they edit for super athletes
of course they they will edit for
intelligence for health for
performance um maybe for for
happiness and all that stuff but you
know even before that I think I think
one of the biggest
uh here's my prediction one of the
biggest improvements in health outcomes
that you're ever going to see will be
when we've got big data on what
everybody is eating and doing so if you
had complete data on the population and
you say okay all the people with this
kind of genes are eating this kind of
food and doing this this kind of
exercise and breathing this kind of air
and they're having this kind of problem
but if they take this kind of drug it
works but if they take this time the
drug it doesn't work as soon as we have
big enough data about what works and
what doesn't work in the real
world it's going to be the biggest
change in health care since maybe
washing your hands you know I mean what
are the biggest changes in healthcare
probably you know the discovery of germs
that sort of thing
but the moment we can tell that uhoh a
person with your DNA shouldn't be eating
strawberries not when you've got a cold
stuff like that I'm just making that one
up but once we know that stuff
um yeah you will everybody please stop
saying
GAA uh we all know there's a movie
called Gatica where there's Gene editing
blah blah blah um the only reason the
only reason I
resist your hundreds and hundreds of
comments about GAA now and in the future
is that the
world doesn't really conform to movies
like that level yeah it may tell us a
little bit about the future but probably
not a
lot so gadica exists but it is not
useful or worthy of
mention I I note that you are thinking
about it that's all
um hello hello oh let's talk about uh
Cindy Hyde Smith now if you're not
following the
story Senator uh or I guess she's
running in
the um hold on let me answer
that
um so she's said some things
that are considered racially
insensitive so apparently in 2007 she
said some good things about uh uh
somebody who was the last remaining
daughter of the
Confederacy and she said something about
um if somebody invited her some to a
public hanging she'd go to the front row
indicating that she would do anything
this person asked just in a colorful way
so people are saying wait a minute
you're running against the black
candidate how can you even mention
public
hangings and then they said how can you
uh how can you glorify the
Confederacy you know when that's was
obviously a
racist
situation and let me give you my opinion
on this usually I have a cleaner
opinion you usually if you watch me long
enough I'm usually you know One
Direction or another and I can commit
but the Cindy hiy Smith
stuff oh and then there's also reports
that when she was a kid she was sent to
schools that were created specifically
so she didn't have to go to an
integrated
school
so it's easy for me to explain
away any one of these
things like if you look at any one of
those things individually they're all
meaningless they really are whatever she
did as a child I don't care right I it
wasn't her her decision where to go to
school um so I use the 20 year rule
which is anything that happened 20 years
ago I don't
care
then um her her use of the word a public
hanging I would consider dumb in other
words it was a mistake it was a dumb
mistake but it was a mistake and then
the way she handled the reference is to
the
Confederacy I would
consider possibly something that locally
didn't sound like a mistake but perhaps
nationally sounds like a bigger mistake
in terms of politics but it seemed dumb
to
me um and so I've got really mixed
feelings I've got mixed feelings which
is uh is she doing things which you can
unambiguously say are racist and the
answer is no no she's not so there's
there's no evidence presented which a a
reasonable person should say oh yeah
there's some racist stuff going on there
has she done things that don't come
across as
racially what would be the best word uh
does she seem racially toned
deaf yes so it it does appear that she
is not sensitive to do something that
the country is very sensitive about
should that matter
probably probably you know it's one
thing to not be a racist versus being
racist that's important are you a racist
yes or no that matters a lot but then
you secondly have to ask the next
question um the next question
is can you can you treat this topic the
way the country wants it to be treated
if you're a representative of the
country and the country clearly has an
opinion of what's what's in the
acceptable Zone and what isn't so of
course there are lots of disagreement in
the middle but broadly speaking people
want their leaders to speak in a certain
fashion has she done
that I think you can make an argument
that that she's uh she's fallen down on
that so I suppose you could make a
partisan argument that you'd rather have
a
republican uh and all that that and and
that you're not too concerned about her
political
incorrect
approach but um somebody says the GOP
should be embarrassed by this candidate
yeah that's that's sort of what I'm
saying I'm saying that this is this is
not something you should be too happy
about but that's way different than
saying she's a
racist somebody says check her record I
have not looked at her record is her
record uh which way does her record
indicate does her record uh does her
record
indicate that she's got some problem
with race or that she's been on the
right side of
that I don't know the answer I only know
what's being reported all right
um so I don't have an opinion about
whether she should be reelected so if
you heard it if that sounded like an
opinion I don't have one on her I'll let
I'll let the uh I'll let the great state
of Mississippi decide who they want to
represent her but I don't see anything
that um at least on its surface looks
racist to me it does look terribly toned
deaf and that should matter as well but
matter in a different way climate change
yes thank you for reminding me so I
continue to be
amazed by this latest report on climate
change and I talk about the the fact
that we're in this we're all watching
two separate movies on one
screen and I asked
myself is the climate report like a
magic
trick now a magic trick one of the ways
that you can trick somebody with magic
is you get them thinking in a certain
pattern and then they can't notice
something that's out of the pattern like
if people expect something to be true
their their brain can't process it it's
the opposite there's a famous video of
this where somebody did an experiment
where there I think four or five people
bouncing a basketball in a circle like
they're they're each tossing it to each
other in the circle and you the viewer
is asked to count how many times they
throw the basketball to each
other what you don't notice because
you're counting the them throwing the
basketball is that a man I think it's a
man dressed in a monkey outfit comes in
into the circle and starts throwing the
basketball and then walks away like
literally somebody in a monkey outfit
walks into the small group of four or
five people and start was it a bear and
start maybe it's a bear and starts uh
contributing and then the people who
watched it didn't notice the person in a
bear
outfit there were only like four or five
people in the picture and one of them is
dressed like a
bear uh and people couldn't even see it
they were I like to use the phrase
cognitively blind meaning that their
eyes were registering it clearly cuz it
was right there a big part of the
picture but their brain made it
invisible because they weren't expecting
it to be there and they were focusing on
something else which was counting the
number of of
passes and so it feels like that with
this climate report so the climate
report came out and the headline said a
new devastating climate report comes out
it's it's dire consequences and
catastrophe so that was how the climate
report was framed right now every other
climate report you've
seen I think or at least the ones that
CNN would report on say the same thing
right it's dire it's the end of the
world uh climate change is going to kill
us so the new one comes
out and your brain is so primed here
comes another one it's dire it's dire
it's dire and so you see it as
[Music]
dire but I didn't see it that way why is
that is it only because I'm primed in
the other direction because it could be
I could easily be the one who's who's
experiencing cognitive dissonance I can
never rule that out because if you're
the one experiencing the cognitive
dissonance you can't tell you're in it
that's what it is if you could tell you
were in it you wouldn't be having it so
maybe it's me but I let me propose this
I don't know in any world in which a
10% uh impact on
GDP over 80 years in a context of the
GDP probably going up
700% that it's 10% less than it could
have been so nobody so the report I
don't believe said that in 80 years our
GDP will be 10% less than it is
today that's not what they said right
fact check me on that they were a little
vague about what that 10% means but I
think all they did was count up the
dollar impact if it happened today and
said wow that dollar impact if it
happened today would be 10% of our
current GDP was it something like that
but the impact isn't happening today
it's happening you know spread down over
this 80 years so when I read the
report I said to myself my God this is
the first time we've seen a credible
comprehensive report that says the worst
case
scenario is no big deal a 10% hit to
GDP in the context as I understand it
and again I want some fact checking on
this I could be totally wrong but it
seems to me that what they're saying is
it's 10% less than it could have been
meaning that over 80 years it might go
up 7
50% but it could have gone up
83% would we even know the difference in
other words if if you could fast forward
into 80 years from now and just appear
80 years from now and look around would
you say to yourself my God everything's
falling
apart I don't think so I think if you
could time travel to 80 years from now
and look around you'd be in a flying car
all of your diseases would be
cured and and poverty would be
eliminated yeah there might be a
hurricane or two more than usual but we
would be so good at dealing with them
that there would be close to zero
deaths from any of this stuff so when I
heard this report that the worst case
scenario is a 10% less GDP over 80 years
when GDP will go up like immensely
during that time I said to myself wow I
can stop
worrying what did you say to
yourself did you say to yourself it's
another dire attack I guess things are
worse than we thought because the
information didn't say that it said
exactly the opposite of that so did you
see the monkey with the basket the bear
I guess it was a bear with a basketball
or did you not see the
bear I saw a bear with with the
basketball just as clear as I saw it
when I watched that video after they
told me the bear was there the first
time I watched it I didn't see the bear
either uh but after I knew it was there
I could see it clear as day and when I
see this this climate report it looks to
me like the worst case scenario if you
did
nothing is no big deal but since we
won't do nothing we'll actually do a lot
in 80 years and and the the pace of
technological change is probably so vast
that we can't even our brain can't even
process what will happen in 80 years the
odds of this actually being a problem in
my mind has fallen from oo there's a
really good solid chance this is going
to have some big big problems that's
where I was you know what regardless of
what percentage is man-made in my mind I
was thinking this could be a big problem
I you know I agree that this could be a
big problem after seeing the
report I think it said it's not a
problem now of course there's a trick to
this I can only feel comfortable if I'm
confident that everybody else is
remaining worried because it's the
remaining worried part that makes them
innovate it makes them invent things it
makes them work on making sure we can
manage the climate it makes them you
know Harden against future earthquakes
so I do want the rest of you to worry
I'm not telling you you shouldn't worry
I want you to worry as much as you want
please
worry because the more you're worried
the more comfortable I am because the
right people that will be worrying and
therefore doing all the things we need
to do to remediate against that problem
now um you're old you don't
care um
that's a valid point that my my lifespan
suggests that I don't have to worry
about what's going to happen in 80 years
you're completely right about that uh
however I'm not so sure I won't be
alive because I would be 140 and it is
completely
within the realm of reasonable
expectation that rich people can kind of
live forever
you know if it if it's not in my
lifetime might be the lifetime after
mine when being rich means you just sort
of don't have to die if you don't want
to um well we'll see if that becomes the
case
uh why would you want to be 140 so
that's an excellent question so somebody
said why would you want to be
140 and uh let me give you some context
on that cuz I love the question why
would you want to be 140 who would want
that let let me ask you this did you
ever think when you were
20 that you would want to be 61 years
old like when you tried to imagine what
would it be like to be over 60 holy hell
that would be I might as well just die
cuz if you're over 60 your body's
falling apart you're not doing anything
good you're you know it's over blah blah
blah I have unambiguously the best
lifestyle I've ever had at my current
age there is no age
younger that I had a better situation on
every Dimension and I'm I'm including
health I have the best health right now
that I've ever had now you're saying but
that's completely different Scott I get
it this 60 is the new 40 but you're
talking about
140 and my point point is you can't
predict what 140 looks like in the old
days you could in the old days you could
say all right I know exactly what an
80-year-old is going to look like
because an 80-year-old looks like every
other 80-year-old who's ever looked like
that through history but not
today
today
140 might be perfect health you cannot
rule out and in fact I would think the
odds are actually pretty good that by
the that in 80 years somebody who's over
a 100 years old might feel exactly the
way I feel today completely
possible remember we're doing Gene
editing I don't know what's possible if
you can mess with the operating system
once you can change my operating
system stem cells Gene editing
immunotherapy
what would kill me besides a truck and
if a truck kills me by then I will have
ported my Consciousness into a computer
I'm not even sure you can kill me in
fact I I would go so far as to say
there's more chance let me say something
provocative to end this Periscope if I
had to look at the odds and place a bet
and you were going to bet on one of
these two possibilities one of them is
that I will die and I'll just be dead
someday just like everybody else right
no different than everybody else I'll
just I'll get old eventually I'll die
that's one possibility the other
possibility is that I'll live forever in
some form or other either my biological
body will be continually renewed by you
know tweaking the the base code or I'll
Port my personality to machines and live
forever in some form I would say the
smart money says I live
forever if I had to bet it's probably a
6040 I think there's a 60% chance I'm
already
Immortal and a 40% chance I'm knocked in
20 years from now when you ask me again
I'll bet my odds of being Immortal are
closer to
100% now you're all saying I'll pass on
that I don't want to live
forever and keep in
mind that the happiest people um are
generally women in their 40s and
50s could you imagine for those of you
who women were watching this imagine
when you were 16 or imagine when you
were 20 years old and you thought to
yourself what would it be like to be 40s
in my 40s and 50s wouldn't you assume
that it was worse than being
20 like just common sense doesn't you
know the fact that you're uh you got
kids and you got your your your health
is going away and your sex life isn't as
good you don't have the freedom you're
working a job you got all these problems
of being older would you just assume
that women in their 40s and 50s would be
less happy but the studies show the
opposite that that's actually your
happiest years of your life is you know
that uh 40 to 60 range for women and in
fact they stay pretty happy into their
older age so you can't predict how you
will feel when you hit that age cuz and
I'm looking at this from the perspective
of if you told me that this age would be
I would be the most probably having the
most influence in the
world having the most money the best
health best personal life that I've ever
had I would have said you're crazy all
right I'm going to end on that note and
I will talk to you later