oh hey everybody I'm sure you're all
seeing the news let me open up Twitter I
want to read you a tweet from President
Trump in front Kanye
let's see where would that be well spend
a little bit of tweeting going on today
so the tweet that's getting everybody's
attention is that I guess Kanye tweeted
a picture of himself wearing a hat that
President Trump signed for him and then
he later tweeted this this is one of the
all-time great tweets you know this will
like be in the history as just you know
one of the tweets that sort of defined
what Twitter was all about
all right Kanye West he says you don't
have to agree with Trump but the mob
can't make me not love it we are both
dragon energy he is my brother I love
everyone I don't agree with everything
anyone does that's what's that's what
makes us individuals and we have the
right to independent thought and then
President Trump tweets back Thank You
Kanye very cool now how big a deal is
this let me give you some context
however big you think this is don't know
yet it might be bigger than that might
be bigger than that now I would say is
it's clear at this point that there's
something going on with with Kanye he's
got a lot lot going on he's got albums
he fired his manager so there's a lot
going on so you know I hope everything
is good with him and I hope he knows
exactly what he
I'm sure that we're seeing genius I'm
not sure if there's anything else going
on with them then we need to worry about
at a party you can't tell but the genius
part is pretty clear obviously is
tweeting is you know is Trumpy and
perfect so let me let me tell you how
why I think this is maybe a bigger deal
than then you know your first impression
by the bad so I'm on this celebrity
level you know it's it's really good
entertainment because it's it's a case
of as we like to say it's Man Bites Dog
it's just something you didn't expect
it's at a place as fish-out-of-water
it's all those things so it's everything
that makes it newsworthy but that's sort
of that you know the base level there's
something baby here and that's this we
have this president whose biggest brand
you know identifying characteristic is
the negotiator all right
and and because our president is the
most famous and negotiator we're
watching what he does through their
frames we see him negotiating with China
and negotiating with trade deal
negotiated with North Korea Frieza
negotiating with Iran things will
probably get a little hotter over there
so are our minds are tuned to it but
we're also learning as we go
we're watching the way President Trump
is literally training us about how that
how to think of things as negotiations
and you know what's what your big you
know the first demand what your you know
what is your visual you know visual
persuasion you know where do you make
them think best to say hello are using
optimism are you making people feel
aspirational are you are you making a
huge contrast between what they could
have you know
what they would have you know so all of
these techniques you're watching the
president model and demonstrate and I
believe it's it's sort of it's having
this effect on everybody else we're all
getting smarter so we're all learning a
skill just by watching you being
practiced at the highest level and one
of the things that always struck me
about the the african-american community
in in modern America you know modern
America meaning like right now is that
they have given up all of their leverage
and I don't I don't know that it was
intentional it just maybe it was a
historical drift but if you think about
it the only leverage in in this sort of
democratic republic kind of system is
that you will change your vote from this
side to this side if you're not getting
what you want from that side that's the
only leverage you have so to the extent
that the black vote is sort of you know
locked down on the Democratic side it
gives african-american voters no power
right because their vote is automatic
there's there's no leverage you know
they're not really saying I'm going to
vote for the Republicans if you don't
give me what I want
Kanye West I'm sorry
yeah Kanye West but you know before that
Candace Owens are two voices that are
not really the first people to be saying
what they're saying but they're the most
effective right so you know it's always
hard to say who's the first person who
comes up with any kind of an idea the
most effective and this idea is that
it's okay to think independently and
you know look for good things from from
anybody so it's okay to say you're
mostly okay even if I don't like these
parts about you it's okay to disagree
with the people who seem to be on your
team if you have a reason he's min he
he's he's broken he's brown he's broken
what I would call the couch lock I've
never heard of that term it's a STONER
term you know you you smoke a bunch of
marijuana you can't get off the couch
you're just I think I never be doing
something today but I'm locked to this
couch for a few more hours all right so
I would say the african-american
community have given up their leverage
by being such a guaranteed Democratic
vote Kanye West just sort of stuck a big
old key in the lock and went like this
and and a lot of brains just women or
all wait a minute we could vote for
anybody we want and as soon as the this
is the black community quite seriously
we'll vote for whoever does the best job
like really not just talk they have all
the power because everybody else is
going to kind of stay in their Lane you
know Republicans gonna you know they're
gonna be Republicans the Democrats are
going to be Democrats but the black vote
is big enough that if any substantial
part of them says you know those
Republicans I know they didn't used to
be a good deal but what they're offering
right now you know I already got a lot
of good stuff you know the laws or at
least equal you know there's a lot that
is going right and that's probably not
going to change but at the moment
Republicans the gossip that I want why
can't I vote for them I can get that of
stuff yeah it's it's there I can get
that stuff so so there's something very
big happening which
you know the ability to vote not based
on hey this guy it's one thing I don't
like but he's got some good ideas you
can just take the stuff you like and it
may be a very big deal but we'll see we
shall see now I've heard people say that
Kanye is doing it just for attention
because his to sell albums I would like
to question that assumption I don't know
that it would be a good idea to support
Trump to sell albums in fact it feels
like the very worst idea that I've ever
heard so so those of you who were saying
that Bobby he's just trying to sell
albums and that you know what he's doing
is all part of his marketing deal my
view is that he's way smarter than that
meaning that he would know quite
certainly than a full embrace of Donald
Trump you know even without embracing
his politics and he hasn't embraced his
politics he's embraced the person which
is very clever I don't think it's going
to help them because because I don't see
the Republicans buying a lot more
economy music because if they liked him
before you know they would have been
buying it already and if they don't like
the music he produces they're not going
to buy it just because they like his
politics so I don't see him picking up
anybody on the pro Trump side who wasn't
already there
there must be plenty of throw Chuck
customers who were already buying these
news
nothing to do with politics it was just
they liked his music you know I I will
confess but you know one of the few
albums that I have purchased was one is
and it was awesome so I don't think you
helped some marketing wise and I think
he would know that so it seems to me
that whatever is happening whatever
economy is doing makes perfect sense now
just before we get hot and I saw a code
said decentralized our officer any
tweets from having a it was just one
word decentralized and it was retweeted
by Talib who now I don't know what's
going on with decentralized I'm guessing
you neither you neither replies to you
know the blockchain or it applies to the
fact that power is so conspicuously
moving on to the Internet
you know you're you're watching the
people come alive a little bit
you're watching ideas of you know what
used to be a living watching that fall
away a little bit decentralized
might be just one word that describes
everything that's happening right now
right this week that the internet you
know power is no sort of decent choice
no I don't know that that's what he
means and I think it's fun it's all very
smart it's sort of like the strategy
have you noticed just the last few days
sorry that sound better I'm not gonna
say I think that's better now my
microphone was on the ground I'm not
going to say that Kanye has decided to
run for president and I'm not gonna say
that you know I would support him if he
did or his policies would be good we
don't know any of that but if you just
judge what he's doing today it's really
good so he is not only - Kanye has not
only attracted an enormous amount of
attention but he's focused on what was
an insanely productive Avenue that was
completely unserved which is the
reasonable person as weird as as sounds
the space in the political conversation
for a reasonable person was completely
empty and he sought and he said well
this would be useful let's let's see
where the reasonable middle gets us
let's see what happens when we stop
being to each other you know
and just try to you know be helpful now
I hope that's what I hope that's his
thought process and I hope that you know
there's no way to know what's in his
mind but it looks like he just saw this
opportunity to do something that would
be a personal risk this is a personal
risk all right there's skin in the game
here
Kanye put put his neck on the line to to
get this point across and I believe
because I don't see another reason that
makes sense you know the the Kanye wants
to sell albums doesn't make sense I
don't think it's gonna help him solve
but the wanting to make the world a
better place in this particular way
in a way that he could do had the power
had the opportunity saw the opening took
it that's what it looks like happened
and for that my god
good job all right I don't know how to
get rid of the racists or commenting on
here
um dragon energy so yes so when the in
the tweet kana uses for his dragon
energy I feel like I know what that
means you know just sort of another way
to to say sort of warrior you know it's
sort of an ambition you know can't stop
me sort of a power reference but notice
how visual it is dragon you know the the
best persuaders are visual so what is
Kanye given us today a picture of a make
America great having a visual and they
refer to dragon energy you see the
dragon you can't you can't say dragon
energy with him no you see the dragon
fright they're very very visual these
are the tells that his talent is not his
talent for persuasion is not an accident
he's really really good at this stuff
you want dragon energy well it seems to
me that if there isn't already a dragon
energy you know drink that there will be
soon yeah yeah unfortunately it will
remind people of Charlie Sheen and and
dragon blood but I but I think the way
Kanye did it was smarter because rather
than saying it was something about if
Kanye had said I have dragon energy and
maybe he has at one point but if he had
said it in the tweet people would say
well that's a funny thing to say about
yourself but when you say that two
people have dragon energy it really does
change it like softens it because you're
not really talking about yourself you're
talking about a you know in an analogy
that applies to you and another person
so suddenly it becomes a little less
narcissistic than it would if you were
just talking about yourself slightly
less maybe it's a game of Thrones thing
yeah maybe it is yeah so the I I would I
don't know if yeah we'll see if Kanye is
helping Trump I I don't see that as the
direct effect that might be an outcome
I see Kanye helping people so my take on
this is that if you're thinking Kanye is
all about helping Trump I'm not really
seeing that I you know accept that Trump
is a person and you know he's part of
this great experiment tell the United
States but is this feels like it's
directed at the public it doesn't feel
like it's directed at Trump yeah he
would just be one of the you know one of
the many who could come out better if if
free-thinking is allowed which is the
message here
all right
and we car they should redesign the make
America great again hat that's a funny
idea it's not a bad idea and I'll talk
to all of you later