oh it's early in the morning
there's my view bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum hey everybody come on over here you
know what time it is
I think you do it's time for a coffee
with Scott Adams
yep it's the best part of the day best
part every single time except for the
other parts that are pretty good too so
get in here scramble to find your vessel
to fill it with your favorite liquid cuz
you know how this goes if you're here
for the simultaneous up all you need is
a cup or a mug or glass a tanker chalice
or Stein the cute teen jogger flask the
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous it go oh yeah ow get
that motor running boom boom alright yes
I have my lights down low intentionally
intentionally because I was adjusting
I'm gonna ran out of time
wait does that count as intentionally
well are you all getting ready for your
new year's resolutions let me give you
some new year's resolution advice I of
course am somewhat notorious for saying
that systems are better than goals and
yet here we are at the end of the year
and the beginning of a new year and
thinking to ourselves
what will our goals be for the coming
year well I would give you the following
advice goals are good if there's only
one specific thing you want in other
words if you want to let's say get
married to a specific person well then
you want a specific goal but there are
many cases where let's say you don't
even have a girlfriend or a boyfriend
maybe what you want is love not so much
a specific person
maybe you want to be more successful in
your career but not a specific job or a
specific way so maybe you want to keep
that open and allow for your systems to
do the rest and I've been thinking about
my own goals for the year and it's okay
to express them as goals as long as you
also have a system and you're not
limiting yourself by your goal so one of
my goals if you will is to do better and
more online so I'll probably be setting
up well definitely I'll be setting up a
little separate room where I can do some
longer form interviews that I like to do
the morning periscope just us you know
you would think it would be easier for
me to interview somebody because I just
asked the questions and then they get to
jabber a little bit and I can I can rest
and come up with a question so you think
they asked you think the interviewing
people would be just the easiest most
fun thing to do but I have to tell you I
think of them as separate I think of our
conversation here is actually personal
and and I think of an interview where
you learn something from somebody I talk
to sort of a separate product so I'd
like to keep that a separate problem
I'll still have guests on this periscope
as as let's say as events unfold if
there's something that's really timely
and it works in this form I'll probably
still do it but I like the the long-form
to be separate so you'll see some of
those it's also a way for me to test
whether YouTube is throttling me for
purely economic reasons which is that
the content isn't high enough quality
because that's one of the filters or if
they're doing it for political reasons
so I'll have some content that's clearly
high high quality production and also
innocent you know nothing provocative
and then I'll be able to see if that
gets throttled the same as everything
else so some of it is not going
enough about me enough about me let's
talk about the world so you have all
seen the video by now if the Texas
Church is shooting the shooter came in
to a church in Texas pulled out a gun
and I believe there were six or seven
armed volunteers and parishioners who
were were packing it took six seconds
for the volunteers to take him down and
have several guns pointed at him Ollie's
down and you're probably having exactly
the same reaction that I had and the
reaction is it's difficult to talk about
this in public as I am now because you
can't hide the fact that it's a tragedy
two people died top priority all right
so as human beings let's agree that the
story is two people got killed that's
the story so let's not lose that focus
on that first priority but you're also
humans and you probably had the same
experience I did which was it was really
kind of inspiring and I'm trying to
balance the fact that two people lost
their lives my god
their families I mean just the worst
thing that could ever happen in church I
mean literally you know suppose if
you're a person of faith having your
family member gunned down in church you
know God's house I don't know how you
ever go on to life after that
so the tragedies is extreme but there
was still something about the human
resilience the human notturno
determination the human instinct to
protect each other there was something
about masculinity frankly there's
something in this story about
masculinity I think one of the people
who drew a weapon was a woman but by and
large the the situation was handled by
Matt armed men who did not hesitate to
act
think about the fact that you're just
you're trained to be one of these
volunteer bodyguards at this church so
you know even though your mind has been
set on the fact that you might have to
choose somebody in the right situation
think about the fact that there were
several people who pull their weapon and
and a few of them fired immediately the
others didn't have a clean shot you know
there were there were too many people in
the way but oh my god you know the I
know there's just something in this
situation that talks to every part of
being a person you know everything from
the tragedy to the heroism to everything
in between it's like the entire human
experience captured in six seconds so I
don't want to go on about the artistic I
don't know impact of it if you will
because of the tragedy but it was quite
a thing if you get a chance to see the
video if you haven't you want to see it
now there's a lot of stories in the news
about anti-semitic attacks in New York
City and I'm having trouble forming a
stable opinion on the situation because
the first thing is it could be
coincidence right now you never want to
dismiss anti-semitism as coincidence
because that's how you get yourself a
Holocaust you know it's like so the very
worst thing you could do is to minimize
it and say oh it's just a bunch of
coincidences but it could be it could be
just a bunch of coincidences you just
don't really know but you certainly
wouldn't want to dismiss it so let's
keep an eye on that see if there's
anything real it does seem that the
perpetrators have different purposes
they're all over the map
maybe there's something different about
the way it's being reported I haven't
heard that but maybe so I would say we
should be all on high high alert for
something like a resurgence of
anti-semitism
I tell ya I don't know where it comes
from to you have you ever really
understood anti-semitism I suppose if
you're Jewish maybe you do on you know
something different way or different
level but if you're not Jewish
what in the world would make me want to
target one group I don't even understand
the motivation behind it exactly you
know sometimes I think is jealousy but
what is it I I'm completely baffled and
I'm being honest you know unless you
were you know I could see if he came
from the Middle East and your country
had some historic problems with Israel
sure that makes sense you'd have
something like a reason but why you know
why pick this one group and of all the
groups it's not even a large group it
feels like a waste of hate you know if
you're gonna hate pick some large group
that's got like a billion people in it
you know you don't pick the group that's
got a few million I mean I the
anti-semitism is completely baffling to
me I don't understand where in the world
it could come from all right I
understand if you're actually in the KKK
or something you've got a whole belief
system around it but for average people
you know the people who are accused of
these recent crimes
what the heck got into them where'd that
come from I mean I don't even know where
they've seen it in the media you know
are they reading something I don't read
seeing something I don't see somebody
says Satan okay maybe saying other
people are blaming Bill DeBlasio some
blaming Satan some people say it's the
same all right apparently the US has
attacked quite aggressively some militia
group in ER in Iraq was backed by Iran
and bloodied them up quite a bit because
apparently they've been doing some stuff
to make it dangerous for American troops
and I asked myself what why is there an
Iranian backed military group in Iraq is
it Iraq
allegedly its own country what there's
certainly something I don't understand
also about Iraq
so I guess Iraq is not actually a
country because if you're a country and
within your country there's an armed
military that's not your armed military
you're not really a country are you
that's sort of a dividing line between
your country or you're not oh yeah
there's an armed military group it's not
us you know they they just sort of stay
here
so we bloodied them up and without even
knowing the details it seems like a good
idea because shouldn't we be driving out
every armed military group in Iraq I
mean I suppose you could imagine that
the armed military group is opposing
both the United States and terrorists so
that they have you know some functional
reason to to be there that's good for
Iraq but I just don't know how Iraq can
survive with somebody else's military in
the country full-time oh well one of the
most interesting stories in the news was
from CBS News is major Garrett now if
you don't know who I'm talking about
major is his first name he's not
actually a major so major Garrett was
the name of a news news what
professional personality host and on CBS
on Face the Nation he said with complete
sincerity and here's the part that's
amazing I didn't at least in the clip I
saw he did not soften the following
statement in other words he said it as
just this is a fact with no
qualifications whatsoever here's what he
said it was the fact that President
Trump has a policy legacy of helping
minority communities that quote any
president would want to claim and he
went through the examples he talked
about the funding for historically
black colleges talked about the
first-step act he talked about what he
called Opportunity Zones and there was
something else on his list and so kudos
to major Garrett my god how hard was it
for him to to be on a network that's not
exactly pro Trump and part of a network
collection of you know a constellation
of companies that have been calling
President Trump a racist for four years
and suddenly major Garrett with no
qualifications it's the qualifications
missing that make this story so
interesting to me because imagine how
easy it would have been for him to say
Oh President Trump did these things and
yeah we all agree these are good but
what about these other things and and
then they would go into the hoaxes right
what you would expect is yeah yeah he
funded historically black colleges he
got forced into it but what about the
fine people hoax right that's the way
you'd expect to see this but major
Garrett again this is just a complement
to major Garrett and being brave frankly
I think I think this shows some guts
that he would say something so immensely
unpopular right in the middle of his own
you know
his own industry his own people and in
front of the world so thank you to major
Garrett for a pointing out without
without those BS qualifiers that the
president has worked steadily and
clearly in ways that are primarily
beneficial to the minority communities
and that that's just an objective fact
now that any president any president
says major Garrett would be happy with
those accomplishments but that was just
sort of an unexpected positive thing you
know you don't expect these little gifts
but you know that holiday season end of
the year it's nice there's news and
rumors and speculation that Mike Serta
 might run
Congress what do you think of that Mike
sandwich running for Congress here's my
opinion I don't know if being in
Congress is a good job in other words
the lifestyle I mean is it fun to be in
Congress you know do you make good money
you know do you like go into the
meetings so on a personal level I would
say Mike of course we'll consider you
know the personal element of that I'm
not sure I could recommend the job it
wouldn't matter if it were Mike or
anybody else that said I can't imagine
anything I would like more what would be
more fun for all of us and productive to
all right it's not just for the fun what
would be more productive for the country
and fun than Mike Serna vich in Congress
so so I have split opinions on this for
my benefit oh yeah I want him to run I
totally want him to run for my benefit
and your benefit too because you would
get a you know excellent politician he
would never be boring and he would shake
things up but for his own purposes you
know he's got a he's got to think what's
this dude in my life you know two young
kids got a lifestyle he probably likes
it that's a lot so if he does run I
think you're gonna have to give it up
because that would look like to me it
would look like a pretty big sacrifice
and his barber so that's fun we'll watch
that I I've been continuing to notice
this pattern and I want to see how many
of you have noticed it have you noticed
the pattern online that wouldn't and
we've talked about this before so I'm
just updating to see if you're still
noticing the pattern that the least
rational debaters on on Twitter are
almost always artists that could be
writers or photographers or graphic
artists any kind of artists could be
music but are you still seeing that
because from the moment I first pointed
it out did you start clicking on
profiles after that I hear from people
who are doing that I'm just waiting for
the comments to catch up to it and i
eivol I've almost gotten to the point
yeah I'm looking at your comments
artists artists 100% absolutely least
rational or journalists journalists are
artists journalists are writers yeah
you're seeing in the comments an almost
universal agreement that the pattern is
strong now I don't know what causes the
pattern the speculation is that they're
their writers and artists think
differently and they believe that all
the evidence is meaningful whereas
somebody who is an engineer or a
scientist a lawyer believes that a lot
of the evidence no matter what the
situation is just in general a lot of
the evidence doesn't mean anything so if
I could summarize the difference artists
believe that every note in the song is
where it belongs and every clue in the
story is there for a reason and every
brush stroke on a painting was put there
on purpose so in the world of art
there's no such thing as accident or
coincidence everything is designed to
make all the parts meaningful and fit in
the real world where scientists and
engineers and lawyers for example
economists are working you've got a
world where most of the evidence is fake
most of it is not meaningless most of it
you know as a majority is probably
coincidence it's fake patterns it's it's
misleading it's psychological tricks
that's the real world so if you put
artists in the same conversation with
the scientists they're coming at it with
completely different mindsets one says
every every clue means something and the
other says every clue is probably a
trick some of them might mean something
and if we work really really hard we can
look at all these clues and and maybe
not every time but maybe be able to pick
out the ones that acts
you're real so that's what a rational
person looks like and the artist says I
saw one clue I don't need two clues
right why would I need two pieces of
information if I have one because one
piece of information tells you
everything you need to know you know
orange man orange man bad all right if I
have one data point that says orange man
dad orange being bad I'm done there's
nothing else to talk about scientist
says well maybe one variable does not
describe a world maybe your one variable
is misleading maybe your one variable is
wrong completely different mindset I and
I've actually reached a point where I
was considering this morning in new
policy I don't think I'm gonna do it but
the policy would go like this that on
Twitter I would not engage in any kind
of a back-and-forth with anybody who has
an artist profile and maybe I'll just
say it say I don't know I don't debate
artists and I'm thinking about just that
that exact sentence I don't debate
artists think about it let's say you are
one of these artists your writer or
journalists whatever and you come in
looking for blood and you know you're
you're in an exchange with me and you
think I'm gonna get interested and tweet
back but instead I told you back no
disrespect but I don't debate artists
because the point is not that they're
broken because they're not they're not
broken they're just different an artist
has a different filter on life it turns
out it's not as useful in my opinion it
just isn't as useful but they might be
awesome in many other ways they create
things people want to see either you
know they have lots of great qualities
there's nothing wrong with them but what
would be the point in getting it in a
debate with an artist what would be the
point because you don't have there's no
path where the two of you can can chase
the facts fix each other's thinking and
reach some common conclusion there is no
is one of those you can't get there from
here because if you take the economist
and say okay here's the best wisest most
rational economists or scientists
whatever and you say let's work with
this artist now and I want you to use
your rational factual skills to change
the artists mind would that work
no because the artist doesn't even have
the same framework it's like a cat
having an argument with a dog a cat and
a dog can argue all day long but neither
em is gonna change their mind because
the cat and the dog can't even talk they
don't have a good they don't even have a
common language and then I will
reiterate it reiterate again because
many of you watching would also be
artists there's nothing wrong with being
an artist it's useful as part of a
package of a comprehensive way of
looking at the world if you studied art
and you know art and you get art but
you've also learned let's say business
and economics and science or whatever
then you probably have a well-rounded
view and in your case I would not call
you an artist I would call you a
Renaissance person you've heard the
phrase a Renaissance person somebody
who's who's sort of good in a whole
bunch of different things you know
there's there's no one field that you're
saying a little bit of math a little bit
of writing a little bit of art so if
you're a Renaissance person or working
that direction or you're building your
talent stack that's exactly where you
want to be so if art is part of your
talent stack you're probably working
with an advantage if art is your main
talent sac-like mostly what you can do
is in the field of art and you've
neglected the other areas of thinking
you probably have a blind spot it's
going to show up on Twitter all right I
feel like I'm talking too much this
morning I feel like I've missed you all
because the news has been so slow
there's been weird lately
and some little talkative this morning I
guess let's see what else we got going
on Putin has reiterated his invitation
to the president the United States to
visit Russia
and of course what could be more
provocative than Putin being friendly to
Trump because of course that gets
everybody yackin and here's here's what
Putin said in his message and look how
clever this is and compare it to
something I've been saying about well
here's the context I've been saying for
a while that the United States and
Russia are natural allies meaning that
all things being equal we're not really
competing for resources but we do have a
common interest in the rest of the
country or the rest of the world I mean
common interest in the rest of the world
being stable and improving so that it
does not become a risk to us it becomes
markets to us etc so certainly we're
competitive with every other country
including Russia but we are not natural
enemies we are natural allies all we
have to do is let nature take its course
and we would probably just drift into
becoming allies
I think there's history there's you know
inertia there's fake news there's you
know things come up and certainly you
know Russia has to explain you know
incursions into other countries Ukraine
etc these are real things but I think
the natural arc and the natural
historical gravity if you will is for
the US and Russia to become allies more
so than we are today if we even are I
guess we wouldn't call ourselves allies
and so here's here's Putin's wording for
what I just said he said that Russia and
us were historically responsible for
ensuring global security and stability
and the Moscow speaks in favor of
normalizing bilateral relations and
establishing an equal dialogue based on
the mutual respect
of interests now the mutual respect of
interest part sort of suggests that
Putin wants to wants us to stay out of
his business if he conquers a
neighboring country so that part's not
good
you know maybe maybe we should be
interested in what your interests are
you know if there if there was the
military kind but the first part I
thought was really good
staging the way he sets it up is he
talks to the US and Russia as being
historically responsible for ensuring
global security and stability think
about that framing if you were gonna
frame an invitation you'd have a hard
time frame to get better than this
because what he's done is he's appealed
to our common history and said something
that's true wouldn't you say it's true
that US and Russia largely because of
our militaries are stabilizing forces
even though the the Russian universe and
the u.s. Universe are different
countries to some extent it is sort of
stabilizing I mean it feels that way to
me so he starts with saying something
that's true
it it's something that's true that we
both succeeded at I think you'd say and
it's something we should do more of it's
a really good framing of like you know
the world depends on the US and Russia
that's that's the short way of saying it
the short way is the entire world
depends on us and Russia being
stabilizing forces and not something
else so let's do that
let's be those stabilizing forces that's
really good Putin's good at this stuff
I'm not I'm not a fool so I don't assume
that Russia would never take advantage
of us if they had a chance I believe
that all the big countries would take
advantage of each other if they had the
opportunity that's how it works
so I'm not I'm not blind to the risk of
Putin but I I can't get past the fact
that it's so obvious and I believe it
would be obvious to Putin as well
they're getting along with the United
States would be great for Russia not
getting along with the United States
will continue to not be great it is is
this basic point not
blindingly obvious to all of you I mean
I think it's obvious to you but why is
it not obvious to literally everybody
and and the obvious thing being they're
getting along with Russia and they
getting along with us and just not doing
all this provocative stuff that is
completely optional I mean you know
everything that's happening with NATO
and the border and Ukraine and Crimea
and all that I just feel like none of
that should derail the long term let's
say coordination of the US and Russia in
a productive way and I also wonder what
Russia thinks of China
don't you think Russia is at least a
little bit worried about China and don't
you think Russia would feel a little bit
more comfortable in the US sphere of
things if it has to have China on its
border I think so all right
Mark Snyder tweeted read an article that
had been a thread on President trumpet
being the one person in the world who's
done the most to combat climate change
and then he backs it up
so think about how provocative this
claim is so the claim is a president
Trump has done more than anybody on
earth anybody on earth the whole world
to battle climate change while
simultaneously he's called it a Chinese
hoax and so you say to yourself oh that
doesn't sound right and the answer is
somebody says no he hasn't
it's BS well I haven't made my argument
yet Bella Bella listen to the argument
okay so even Democrats will say cory
booker yang even Biden have agreed that
nuclear power is essential to dealing
with climate change it's not the the
answer it's it's part of a portfolio
that includes other green energies and
etc but
everybody's smart meaning everybody
who's actually looked into it and that
would include cory booker includes yang
includes a lot of republicans everybody
who's looked into it and is up to date
and that's the that's the hard part
because a lot of people are out of date
on their nuclear knowledge they they
have a knowledge of older technology and
its dangers and maybe right the older
technologies were dangerous the newer
technologies the stuff that they're
working on the so-called generation four
actually reduces the risk of even the
existing technology because it could eat
the nuclear waste from the old plants it
eats it as is fuel so it actually
reduces the need to store waste and it
is also safe from meltdown so it's a
design that wouldn't meltdown so you've
got that stuff going on all right so
here's here's a I'll summarize Marx
argument so there are I don't know ten
or fifteen things that the
administration is done that almost none
of you have heard about because the
things that happen at the at the
industry level so in other words they're
creating test facilities in a few
different ways the government the
Department of Energy primarily through
Perry has a funded and or approved and
or created facilities for rapid testing
of new nuclear technology now here's
what's the important part it's the
system that gets you there if you have a
good system then probably things are
working the way you want them to you
know know where it'll end up how fast
it'll end up but if you have a good
system you're gonna be moving in the
right direction I would say that the
government's especially the Department
of Energy their system seems pretty
solid and the system is this the
industry comes to the government and
they say we want to be able to test this
design let's say Bill Gates company that
he you funds terraPower they want to
build a generation four but they can't
get the place to do it they can't get
the licenses they might need funding
they might need other kinds of resources
that only the government could
so they come to the government to
presumably the Department of Energy and
they say we need all this stuff
in order to make nuclear successful
we've got to be able to test it we got
to be able to build a prototype etc and
the Department of Energy has been
apparently really really good
in fact to me it would be a tie if I if
I were going to give an awards at the
end of the year for the best the best
cabinet department I'd have to go with -
I'd go with Department of Energy who as
far as I can tell all right I'm no
expert but just from the outside looking
in
it looks like Perry just totally killed
it like one of the most successful
cabinet appointments of all time I think
now I'm open to a counter-argument on
that but just what I'm watching from the
outside it looks like best cabinet's
head of vault I may be but there's
somebody who's almost as good and I'm
terrible at memories is it Health and
Human Services
Azir what what's the last what's the
name of the cabinet head of Health and
Human Services
so it's whoever's working on the
generics and health care costs and
bringing more competition to health care
etc now not not Ben Carson a czar yeah
I'm talking about a czar ben Carson is
hard right so it seems to me the Alexei
czar every time you see him in the news
it's something really good something
really good and so I seems to me that
cabinet officials never get much acclaim
but man every time I saw something
commanded the Department of Energy or
Azar's group it was right on it was the
right thing the right time right system
right approach and I will say that both
both those departments are working on a
systems mindset
stuff you see coming out of Health and
Human Services is system changes such as
we changed our system for approving
generics so we'll get to more generics
quicker that lowers the cost almost
immediately so you see us are being a
systems fixing guy and then you look at
the Department of Energy and you see all
the things that they've done a lot of
them fit into that system category so
those two guys they need to get some
kind of like big award at the end of the
year from the president because they're
just they're just really making them
look good and they're just killing it I
mean let me give you some other all
right so I think I made my case that the
president because he's done the most
through the Department of Energy he's
done the most for promoting the future
of nuclear now we you know still a lot
of research and testing to be done but
we're doing all the right stuff so odds
are that we'll be in pretty good shape
now I throw out the following idea for
you here's my idea for a system
improvement okay now might be we don't
need this because we already have the
testing facilities we need through the
Department of Energy but if we don't I
would recommend the following now this
the improvement on what I'm going to
suggest in the nuclear field and then
the climate change field is the
psychology of it alright so what I'm
going to suggest is prime are primarily
fixing this psychology of the system and
the psychology is people are afraid of
nuclear energy they don't want it in
their backyard all right so that's the
psychology and if you don't put it in
people's backyard it's too far away
right it wouldn't be hard to find a
remote place to put a nuclear reactor
but you don't need it there because
there's nothing to power so here's my
suggestion I would love to see a nuclear
test facility in a very remote place
where even if the nuclear power plant
works it's not really close to anything
but here's the second part you ready
it's a double test
two things are being tested initially it
would be nuclear tests plants so they
build small modular nuclear plants and
maybe multiple of them all in the same
same general area but away from people
and here's the second part once you have
at least one of them working and up and
creating electricity you've turned it
into a secondarily a carbon scrubbing
test site with free electricity so in
other words if you get one of the
nuclear modular plants let's say it's a
small nuclear plant that's a test plant
once you get it working and you say well
we built it and it's working but there
are no cities around here there's
nothing to test so instead we're gonna
make this also a test facility for those
carbon scrubbing machines there are a
bunch of technologies to do it they
literally draw the carbon out of the air
and in many cases they can turn it into
a product one of those products is jet
fuel so you can actually take the jet
fuel out of the air reconstitute it as
jet fuel because you're taking the
carbon down and turning it into jet fuel
and jet fuel is the one thing that you
can't do with electricity you can't
replace a jet with electricity at least
not in the near future so imagine if you
will imagine if you will that you've
built a test site for a cleaning co2 out
of the air and it happens to be next to
a test site for a nuclear plant that's
giving you free electricity because the
bay is the biggest expense for cleaning
co2 out of the air is the energy if you
can make the energy cheap you can suck
the co2 out of the air no problem so
that's my suggestion you fix the
psychology of it by taking it into the
remotest area and making it a co2
scrubbing area because air is air and
should be able to scrub the co2 no
matter where it is I think does it
matter where your co2 scrubber is
located maybe it does maybe you have to
be closer to coal plants or something to
optimize I'll just throw that out there
all right
here's another systems approach to
homelessness
whenever I talk about homelessness I'll
try to bore you by saying that drug
addiction and mental health are driving
much if not most of homelessness and he
can't solve those two things by giving
somebody home because that wasn't the
problem in the first place it was drugs
mental health but that said there are
still lots and lots of people who could
really benefit from a super cheap place
to live and I just heard about the
smartest one I've ever seen and I'm
gonna say this with complete confidence
what I'm gonna describe next is the
smartest solution I've ever seen to
homelessness are you ready it did not
involve the government that's pretty
smart already right so everything I'm
going to describe no government funding
there might have been some involvement
in the government to permit it to happen
but that's not talked about in the
article I read so I don't know and
here's the system so a group called Good
Samaritans there's some sort of
religious charitable group in Austin
Texas they built a village for those in
need with no public funding so they
started with I think 51 acres so they
had some cheap land with wasn't being
used for anything and then they put on
it tiny homes and the tiny homes
apparently you could build you know any
kind of tiny home that a volunteer
wanted to build and they would have
central bathrooms so the homes did not
necessarily need a kitchen the homes do
not need a bathroom because you just
walk outside and there's a central
bathroom somewhere they used they also
converted old campers so if you had an
old camper that was no longer roadworthy
well it's a place for somebody to sleep
inside so you'd put that on your 51
acres you'd make sure it was close
enough to other facilities because their
I guess they can walk to food and
showers and whatever then the residents
themselves
brakes on the rent for working there so
the people who live there are also the
workers so somebody would be you know
it's their job to clean up clean the
bathrooms you know that sort of thing
and apparently they've been operating
for years successfully did you hear that
they've been operating for years
successfully it's actually so good that
these let's call them super low-income
people so the people who live there
really didn't have a lot of options I'll
call them super low-income and when they
talk to them they're like those people
like I could just live here forever
I mean basically you've met all of my
needs I don't I don't see how I can get
much better somebody says so it's a
trailer park yeah they actually describe
it as sort of a you souped-up trailer
park in other words some of them are
trailers some of them are different
structures that are small small houses
tiny homes probably just enough to sleep
in but yeah but if you imagine imagine a
mobile home but built in sort of a
campsite way where there's I think they
have a central I believe they're they're
built in a ring around a central area
where there are central services so oh I
forgot the most important part
i I described this whole thing and I
left out actually the important part all
right so everything you've heard so far
is just context here's the important
part they built it with a design from
person first sounds like nothing right
they designed this place from the person
out that's a different system than what
you see what is the normal way to build
a home the normal way is construction
first you say to yourself well if I need
to build an inexpensive home what what's
the cheapest way to do that and then you
end up with an apartment building
then you put all the people in the
apartment building it costs too much
you know they can't take care of it
and here's the part that's important you
stick people in an apartment they don't
learn they don't meet their neighbors
for the most part they become like a
little isolated unit that just happens
to be in a building that has lots of
other isolated units by building the
homeless thing the way they did they
started with human beings as social
creatures so they said we're building a
place for a human being we're not we're
not doing a construction project we're
solving a problem for humans what do
humans need first
well shelter so anything that gives them
a roof and some warmth will satisfy that
so that's not a big design thing so next
thing is if they have shelter what's the
next thing they need you know besides
food and healthcare and the answer is
social community right so the design
breakthrough if you will the thing that
makes this different from everything
else is that they started with the
person and they say what's a person made
you know what's a human need and it's a
community and the idea is that with
these small communities in which you're
forced to interact because all the
services are central you know if you
want food or or whatever and you're
working at the facility so if you have a
job you're probably in the facility
you're interacting with all the other
people there in similar circumstances
you would not feel you would not feel
any restriction to talk to anybody else
who's there because you're all there and
sort of the same circumstances so
apparently the community variable is
what makes this magic so it starts with
no government interference so I'm going
to describe it as a system now so the
first thing that's good is it starts
with no government because that gets you
out of all the government problems all
the politics go away so that's good now
you also have to get the cost way down
because if the government is not
involved who's paying for this stuff all
right it's got to be inexpensive so
that's where the
land that wasn't being used for anything
might have even been donated I don't
know so you get your free land you go to
some place where the weather is not
going to kill people now in this case
it's Austin and I don't know what they
knew about air conditioning I didn't
read that but clearly there are places
in the world in which the weather is
more conducive Southern California for
example so you've got no government
you're you're going super cheap with
free land we could definitely get free
land all over the country there are tons
of free land in fact the the whole
blight projects that bill Polti works on
those are big swaths of cleared land now
if they're in winter zones they might
not be so useful but maybe say Louis
takes a Louis for an example would st.
Louis be temperate enough that if you
add a bunch of free land and you could
put tiny homes on and organize
communities would that work in st. Louis
I don't know
so then the other part of the system is
that they design around community and
give them jobs and stuff so everything
about this I love instead of focusing on
the construction they focused on the
human beings and they got a good result
and it's reproducible they've been doing
it for years and the people like it
totally works
all right so if it seems to me it seems
to you that I talk too much about
systems over goals I think you can see
in these examples the power of it when
we had good systems in the Energy
Department we've had more games for
getting closer to a nuclear power
breakthroughs than under any
administration it's because the system
was good
likewise azar over there and Health and
Human Services he's killing it because
he's saying how do I fix the system how
do I make it more competitive how to
make prices more transparent how do I
make it more of a market market sort of
thing perfect and then you look at these
private solutions for the homeless again
not
addicted not the mentally ill they have
different separate problems which cause
them to be homeless and they have to be
dealt with separately so system wise you
got it now let's talk about the system
for the rest of them the addicted and
the mentally ill this system has one
gigantic broken part that you're seeing
a lot of action toward fixing so
California has some advocates you'll see
dr. drew
you'll hear Michael Shellenberger
talking about this specifically and
here's here's the where the system is
broken you can't force anybody to do
anything so even if somebody is
dangerous to themselves and well there's
probably some limit to danger to
yourself but if you're just addicted or
you have a serious mental illness and
you don't want help
our current system doesn't allow it to
happen and so those people just are left
to their own resources so this the part
of the system that needs to be fixed is
just that one choke point there needs to
be a series of objective I guess has to
be a little bit subjective but as as
close as you can get to an objective set
of variables that police or health
services can say all right for this
person I know they don't want to go but
this time we just have to make it happen
because sometimes you just got to take
care of people now some of you may say
no we don't need to do that we can just
force them off the streets and if they
die they die it's not my problem
now it probably a lot of people have
that opinion but if you want to help
there's no getting around the fact that
has to be involuntary there nobody has
come up with the second way to do this
if there were two ways to do it I'd be
telling you I'd be saying well we got
this way now we got this way let's you
know maybe let's do a test see which one
of those two ways work but we don't we
have the way we're doing which
absolutely doesn't work and everybody
would agree and then we have one
proposition for fixing just one
there's exactly one idea on the table
for fixing anything and it starts with
involuntary help basically for some
people under some circumstances so when
you see the power of systems for fixing
things you can't unsee it all right
Joseph says I'm a good interviewer glad
you'll be doing interview show in 2020
well thank you I don't know that I'm a
good interviewer but I aim to be one
somebody says but your system is
cheating mm-hmm is it the weird thing
about San Francisco is that the
facilities etc for homeless or based in
the center yeah you know I think that's
one of the other big advantages of this
homeless tiny home thing they did in
Austin is that it gets an out of the
city
- will you have chairs and table Oh in
terms of the interviews I don't know I
the interviews might be Collins so I'm
thinking that my interview shows will be
nothing but people calling in speaking
of systems Christine and I have been
building out the other the other studio
she's been doing most of the work on
that and by the way Christina has the
same weird personality trait that I do
she's an autodidact so if you say to
Christina hey do you know how to do
whatever anything that's technical or
complicated
Christina will say well I don't know how
to do that but I'll figure it out in
five minutes and then five minutes later
she knows how to do it so she's one of
the most capable people I've ever met so
she's been helping build out the
technology on the the studio so we did a
little test video yesterday I didn't
leave it up long because we were just
testing
technology but successful so we somebody
says he's in love I am somebody saying
after the homeless prison camps do you
think they'll put deplorable Zinn there
too
I don't think so yes so Christine is an
autodidact as am i we like to teach
ourselves things fairly rapidly so part
of what we're doing with the whole
studio thing is that it's a whole skill
set that I didn't have so in the process
of setting it up I'm learning I'm
learning a lot about lighting learning a
lot about audio and all the different
ways you can do it we're using a mixer
using a lot of learning a lot about
video and video formats and uploading to
YouTube and all that stuff so this is a
perfect example of a perfect example of
systems over goals if I never produce a
piece of content with this new studio
I'm still going to be a guy who knows
how to build a studio with Christina's
help of course so i I've learned an
entire constellation of skills that all
are in this area and we've even made it
our habit that the editing tools we're
going to learn together so we'll be
learning Adobe Premiere Pro together and
I also have this philosophy that when
you're learning things you're almost
always happy now of course that's you
know an overgeneralization but watch how
often this is true watch how often if
you're in the process of learning
something whether it's on the job or any
other way but you're you're actively
using some part of your day to learn
something new you're happier watch how
often that's true I don't know if it's
cause and effect or that you can only
learn things when everything else is
under control but it feels like learning
is somehow a basic need have you ever
felt
that learning is not just something you
do or something you need to do for your
job but it feels like a basic need like
it you might not want to learn some
topics because they're so boring but I
doubt you ever want to not be learning
because the experience of that that
growing is very addictive a lot of
guesses in the comments to to learning
being a basic need so I've told you this
before but when I was a supervisor back
in my banking days and I had a small
group of people
I had one requirement other than showing
up
I had a requirement that you had to come
to work but my other requirement that
there were no exceptions to is that
everybody who worked for me had to be
learning something else so they all knew
how to do the job that I was supervising
them to do so they didn't need to learn
that but I could not I could not be a
supervisor of people who woke up in the
morning came to work did the same damn
thing drove home did the same damn thing
at home and went to bed and then read
like I just couldn't be a boss of that
and so my requirement was that it didn't
matter what they were learning could be
another language skill training class
for something else they could be reading
some books on their own but every day I
drilled into him you know tell me what
you're learning
alright you know and if and if you're
not learning anything let me help you
carve out some time if time's the
problem you can do it during work hours
if you don't know what to do I'll work
with you until you find something you
want to learn but has to be for your
benefit yeah every day every day they
should be learning something a little
bit I'll give you an example in my own
life so you know some of you know I've
been practicing the drums trying to
learn to play the drums I've never
played an instrument I don't have any
natural talents in this area but
Christina suggested that I also learn
music theory at the same time because it
would help my drumming so I got an app
that has a little flat
cards and stuff and I started to learn
just in my downtime when I'm bored music
theory I have to tell you I look forward
to it because I only take it in teeny
little bites I'll just learn maybe a
couple of vocabulary words and I'm good
for that day because it compounds over
time you don't really have to do a lot
every day to be somewhere at the end of
the year so I'll just take out my app
when I'm bored I'll go to the next
flashcard I'm like oh double bar line
that means the end of a measure okay I
remember that and that's all I know
that's that's my entire day's work on
that project the next day I'll learn
what the grand staff is we you know the
the treble clef and all that stuff and I
feel myself getting better smarter I'm
learning a new thing now the other
reason I'm learning I'm trying to get
more into music part of it is it's fun
to do something with Cristina because
that's her area of expertise and it's
just nice to be able to spend time
together talking about that stuff well
I'm also really interested in music as
persuasion it feels to me like I needed
to add music to my talent stack of
persuasion to to fill in a blank because
I talked about how music is basically
audio drug you know if you play the
right kind of music or even the wrong
kind it changes how you think the way
you think changes the chemistry that's
released into your body and the changes
that you feel and all that collectively
can change how you act and in fact if
you you program yourself with your music
if you played nothing but sad music
because you like the way it sounds it's
like I just like sad music it would make
you sad no doubt about it
over time it would program you to be a
sad person if you listened the only
happy music even if you didn't like it
it would actually program you to be kind
of happier over time so music as
persuasion is very important and I
noticed that people use music medicine
I use music medicinally and by that I
mean there are some situations where
let's say putting on two headphones and
listening to a certain kind of music
could put me to sleep so I just use it
instead of a sleeping pill in some cases
it can put me to sleep
in other cases let's say I want to
exercise or clean the house or do
something active there are certain types
of music that are very conducive to that
others conducive to relaxation etc so if
you're matching your music very
rigorously to the outcome you walked how
you want to program your mind well
that's a medicinal use I think Mike
cirrage has an article about it was it
binaural beats or various various sound
effect types of things that you can
listen to through your headphones that
have some scientific let's say there's
some evidence that it does program your
brain in predictable ways so I'm totally
interested in music as persuasion used
correctly I'm a very a very big against
randomly listening to music so if for
example the I think one of the most
harmful things you could do never this
has never been tested pure speculation
what comes next
alright so what I say next should not be
taken as probably true
it's just my speculation the people who
routinely listen to randomized music
meaning you just turn on the radio in
your car and just leave it on I think
that they're doing a great disservice to
their brain because it's like pumping in
random drugs it's like well here's a
here's an aspirin you didn't need and
here's a there's another pill you didn't
need and here's another pill you didn't
need so so take that for what it's worth
I think they're randomly listening to
music and not listening to it and
additionally and with a purpose it's
probably one of the worst things you
could do to your brain honestly but I
don't know it's just speculation
alright I'm clearly I'm at the point in
this periscope where I'm talking from my
own benefit because I don't want to go
do something else I just would rather
talk to you so I hope hope you don't
mind that I went on a little bit long
and I am going to talk to you all later