locals is down at the moment but we got
to stream on X and YouTube and
Rumble
so I think we're doing
great you
know one of those
days good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
uh one of my streams is not working
today but I think we're doing fine on
Rumble and YouTube and
x uh those of you were coming over from
the locals platform looks like it's got
a little glitch this morning but
everything else is working fine and if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels and nobody can understand what
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need for that is it copper marker glass
a tanker CH tie and a canteen sugar
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
jooy me now for the unparalleled
pleasure dope me end of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens
[Music]
now
ah so good you know I feel bad for all
those podcasters who take Sundays off
and they don't get to enjoy this
experience the best thing
ever and did you know it's National
Coffee Day that's right today is
National Coffee Day so if there were if
ever there was a day to enjoy it that's
today anyway uh Scott presler is saying
that there are about 20,000 Amish people
in Pennsylvania
who could really use a visit by Trump I
think you I think Scott's suggesting a
rally but I would suggest not a rally I
don't think you want to do a rally with
the Amish I think you want to just um
stop on Main Street talk to a bunch of
locals find out what they care about
make your a pitch and if there are only
20,000 Amish and the president of the
United States stops in your main street
without warning and just starts talking
to people everybody's going to
know I think it would be actually more
effective to just go in person be there
physically talk to a bunch of people for
an hour and we to get around that might
be enough to swing the state and swing
the election and change civilization so
Amish it's up to you guys
the fate of
civilization comes down to the people
who have no
technology and maybe that's perfect
maybe that's the way it's supposed to
be well anyway there's a lot of uh
polling that shows that Trump is
preferred in policies and capability on
the big stuff you know like borders and
economies and Wars but um Harris is
still preferred on the character
level and I feel like what we need to
remind people is that sometimes you need
Dirty
Harry and sometimes you need Mary
Poppins it really depends what your
problem is if your problem is you need
some
babysitting Marry Poppins I would not
get dirty hairy which is based on a
movie in case you're in case you're too
young you don't know there's movie with
Clint Ewood he plays dirty hairy a cop
who wants to do the right things but
sometimes he breaks the rules he breaks
the rules so that's like Trump so do we
have problems in this country that are
the dirty hairy kind of problems where
the thing that really matters is you
solve the problems it doesn't really
matter about the personality of the
person solving the problems or is it
more of a sure would be nice if we had a
babysitter and then you get merry
Poppins you don't really need the one
one with a gun for that so I would argue
that we're in dirty hairy mode in the
country we're not in Mary Poppins mode
and so vote accordingly get yourself a
dirty hairy we need
one um I just saw on a post on
X from uh Joel Pollock that uh
apparently Lindsey Graham just appeared
on Jake Tapper show on CNN and referred
to uh I think this is literally true
referred to KY Harris's uh policies as
quote batshit
crazy I guess Trump said that K Harris
he said that Biden became
impaired but keris was born that way she
was born and
pared and so of course Jake Tapper has
to ask a republican to speak to that and
Lindsey Graham should
he just says her policies are batshit
crazy now I hope he actually used the
literal term batshit crazy because you
know that's one of my all-time favorites
so I've been using it a lot and and I
would say
that when we're looking at the uh haris
versus Trump policies there's lots about
the Trump policies that you might choose
to not
like but they're not bad crazy
they're perfectly normal things that
we've done through the you know the
entire history of the Republic protect
the border for example and her policies
are literally batshit crazy and I object
to treating them as their different
policy proposals they're not different
policy proposals one is a set of
policies that you might like you might
not that's
Trump but one of them is just bad
crazy it it's that you shouldn't
even consider it barely looks like a
policy you don't even know what what her
policy is half the time because she's
flip-flopping so yeah we should get out
of that model that it's a competing
policies it doesn't feel like that all
right remember I keep telling you that
uh the movie that we're in requires a
kraken for Trump to have a proper third
act experience you know like a movie has
a third act where you get out of the the
deepest hole and you you somehow Prevail
in the end like a movie he needs some
kind of Kraken some kind of evidence
that elections have been bad in the past
that would really put him over the top I
think well here's something
interesting um
apparently the federal 9th
circuit and uh the Supreme Court will be
presented in Georgia what
what's the federal 9th circuit and well
I don't know what that means but
anyway there's an appellant Court I
guess if that's the right word that's
looking at the claims from kery Lake and
the Maricopa situation that the Dominion
machines uh among other problems but
specifically that it did not protect its
encrypted keys so the so-called encrypt
keys on the Dominion machines
allegedly I don't personally know but
allegedly they were in plain text
instead of
encrypted as there was some commitment
to do contractually so I don't know what
it would mean if the court
agreed and I don't know how they could
lose the case because they're going to
show screenshots of the encryption keys
in plain
text so I don't think I don't I think
the defense is going to look at the
plain text and say oh but it is
encrypted look at it and then
everybody's going to say I'm just
reading it it's in plain text oh no it's
not it's encrypted but what exactly
would be the
defense how could you defend against a
screenshot now I'm just guessing there's
a screenshot it seems like likely there
would be um so we'll see now if it's
like every other major Kraken we
expected it won't bur pan out out so so
far Dominion has a real good record of
winning in these court cases but this
one certainly looks different than the
others because the claim seems so
insanely
provable but I also don't know what it
means if it is
proven is the remedy just uh well go fix
that next time it's not like we're going
to go back in time and change any of our
elections I don't think anybody's going
to
jail so what would it even mean if we
found out that the machines in the past
the last election had some
encryption you know
failure so I don't know but certainly it
would change the news cycle if it you
know if if we believe that the news
would cover the actual
news um so we'll see keep an eye on
that well uh I think it's Tuesday that
wals and Vance are going to have their
VP debate the only one
and CNN is reporting that Tim Wallace is
all
nervous and that he doesn't want to let
down KL haris and he thinks he's a bad
debater do you think Tim wals believes
he's a bad
debater it's CNN reporting it and uh so
there reports that he's just super super
nervous about going into the debate um
now
Vance I think would be top 5% of debat I
think it'd be one of the the best ones
we've ever
seen I think everything's working here
your comments are a little bit slow on
this platform but here they are all
right looking good all right so
uh so let's say he's uh real nervous so
he's going to be using some
advice uh obviously to also will be
prepared lots of preparation I'm sure
you'll do a good job of preparation and
don't you expect that since it's Vance
there will be at least two waves of cat
related
attacks so Tim wal will probably come
with the Haitian eating the cats thing
oh he's such a racist he says that the
Asians are eating cats right we'd expect
that that would be very you know very
easy to predict we would also expect
that Tim wals would say something about
um Vance's past comment about single cat
ladies so the the single cat owning
women being the dominant part of the
Democrat Party is something the Vance
has said so there are two attacks on
Vance that weirdly are cat
related also they're not really
important so what happens if Vance if
wals comes up with some cat related
attacks what should Vance do well I'm
going to give you some person suian tips
today here's what I would do uh let's
say and I I posted this so if anybody in
the campaign sees that they would have
the option of borrowing it but suppose
uh wall says something like blah blah
blah you know you said the Haitians
reading Cats or blah blah blah you said
single cat ladies here would be a good
Advance
reply
quote it's not a quote yet but you can
imagine it would be uh the public knows
a trump Administration will perform best
at protecting the Border growing the
economy and avoiding War they also know
that a Harris walls team would excel at
cat related rhetoric and I think we can
concede
that and we're
done if wal brings up anything involving
cats the killshot is to say yeah you
know we're good on the economy the
border and avoid Wars but I have to
agree when it comes to talking about
anything about cats that other team is
much
better
done just
done what once once the Harris Wall's
team realizes that if they talk about
cats while the other team is talking
about rescuing America from
Doom the cat people aren't going to win
so yes if you'd like to talk about cats
I'm going to agree you're better at
talking about cats who's better at
talking about the Border you know whose
tax plan do you like better it's is
basically a total kill shot if they
bring up
cats all right according to the
post-millennial here's a story that I
believe because it agrees with my
observations doesn't mean the data is
always correct but when it agrees with
me I embrace it so uh apparently voters
at the earliest age you can vote from 18
to 24 are identifying uh more as
conservative than liberal according to a
Harvard youth poll now that would be a
big big change if the youngest people
are more conservative than liberal and
by the way I have observed that so you
know just based on my anecdotal life
experience even in blue California
Northern California
it does seem to me every time I hear
from you know young people that there's
way more conservatives than you would
expect at that age don't know why it
might be a trump effect it could be just
I don't know maybe it's the easiest way
to be rebellious these days I'm not sure
what's behind it but the the age little
bit above that is still more liberal so
young
people who are a little bit older than
the youngest of the young people still
more liberal than
conservative well there's a lot of talk
on social media about uh Tim wal being
uh let's say an interesting person the
way he moves his
body uh I don't know if you know but
I've been studying Tim wals and he is
and let let me start by saying this if
you've been watching me a long time you
know you know I love the lgbtq community
and uh I'd love to have a gay president
president or a gay vice president I
think we probably had several we just
didn't know it U doesn't mean anything
to me you can do whatever you want your
free time I I just don't have any
interest whatsoever in anybody's
sexuality so I don't care what you are
but it's part of the story and the part
of the story is that tib wals is very
flamboyant it doesn't mean he's gay it
just means that his physical emotions uh
remind us of Richard Simmons more than
they remind you of I know Mike Tyson or
Dana White or
somebody and I've been studying his
motions and I want to show you all the
Tim wal motions we've got the one hand
up we've got the other hand
up we've got the two hands
up and then we've got the claps like a
seal have you seen claps like a seal
puts the elbows together hands
up that's not even clapping clapping is
like this clapping like a seal it's like
that and then he does the uh the limp
wrist and then the point so the point
you know the point is obvious it's just
this but he likes to do the limp wrist
when he does the point so limp wrist
point and then he does the uh open Palms
where he goes so if you put it all
together put it all together you
got the
pointing and
then so that's that's s your Tim
Walls yeah that's probably more than you
needed meanwhile MSNBC is doing this
hilarious attempt to uh add some
testicles to uh
wals and they're trying to redefine
masculinity so they're redefining
masculinity so that what it really means
if you're an MSNBC Watcher real
masculinity is being able to support a
powerful woman and being both sensitive
and
flamboyant and if you can do those
things
you're a man at least on
MSNBC all right so are you having this
situation that I'm having I'm
experiencing a thing and the thing I'm
experiencing is that every story reminds
me of a diddy
party was that just
me all the
stories makes me think of Diddy so it
doesn't even matter what it is so
there's a story science now that uh
according to the Washington Post there
might be a lowtech solution for storing
carbon and uh it it involves putting
your log in a
hole why does every story just remind me
of a ddy party I don't know but
apparently if you bury your
wood in a hole and keep it there you can
sequester some carbon in that a hole so
bury your wood in a hole that's my
recommendation well according to sa blog
uhoh science is
racist you
know uh I wish science would not be so
racist but listen to
this apparently they say that uh vitamin
D deficiency can lower the IQ of a child
or to put it in more positive terms the
higher your vitamin D level of the
mother of the of the mother I believe uh
the hire the IQ of the
child now the first question you might
ask is is that data real or
BS well it could be a correlation as
opposed to a causation meaning that
maybe the people who get the most
vitamin D are also the people who just
make sure they do everything else right
if you did everything else right
because you're just one of those people
who says whatat do I need to do vitamin
D okay I'll do it what do I need to do
uh eat less uh sugar okay I'll do it
what do I need to do eat uh drink less
alcohol when I'm pregnant absolutely
what do I need to do quit smoking if I'm
pregnant done so I suspect that there's
a really high correlation between people
who supplement their vitamin D and
people who do everything right
so I would be one of those examples
right I supplement my vitamin D but I
also have a lifestyle in which that
would be normal for me because I've got
a you know clean diet and I exercise and
I don't drink alcohol and I don't smoke
cigarettes and you know so I don't know
that vitamin D is a cause of anybody's
higher IQ but we do know that vitamin D
seems to be uh implicated in a whole
range of things that are important for a
human to operate so it wouldn't be a
surprise if it turns out that it's
causation and not just correlation but
you you have to watch out for the
correlation aspect however here's where
it gets all
racist uh they threw this in the mix in
this story that uh black pregnant
mothers have less vitamin D now some of
that is just because the Melatonin or
the pigment of the skin so you absorb
less Sun so just less efficient at
absorbing and maybe a little less likely
to supplement with vitamin D be I'm sure
there's an income related correlation to
that so according to
science the uh black babies would be
lower
IQ and you could predict that based on
the lower vitamin D of the
mothers now I don't think I'm buying
this
completely it does seem like it's a good
idea to supplement your vitamin D but I
think that's as far as I'm going on this
one um and I'm a little surprised I went
there but here's my reframing persuasion
play and I'll give you a little bit more
of this on another
story here's what I care about I care
about individuals so if there's an
individual that needs some help
I'm all in can I help you're like a
person especially if you're an American
person American hey I'm American too the
rest doesn't matter I don't care about
your sex or your religion or your or
your gender or your
race happy to help but here's what I'm
not interested in the average of people
who look like
you I don't
care I don't care if the average of
people that you've decided to put in
some group is doing better or worse than
the average of some people that you
decided to put in the group why should I
care about that then you say but but
there's been systemic racism for
centuries and then I'd say I agree but
why should I care well because it makes
a big difference and this one group is
identifiably doing worse because of all
the systemic racism true but you didn't
answer my question why should I care you
just told me why they should care if it
were me I'd care but why should I care
well because you did well and people
look like you did well and other people
didn't do well and it's because of the
system so you need to fix that to which
I say why you didn't give me a reason
what's the connecting logic to that I
understand other people have problems
how does that affect me well people who
look like you were guilty of it and and
maybe you got some benefits from looking
the way you were okay suppose I accept
all that as true why do I
care see if you if you can make people
think past the sale to why you should
care then you're going to get them in
this argument where they're going to
decide whether systemic racism exists or
not it's easy to probably pretty easy to
show it does and then the question is
how much money do you owe me because
people who look like me who are not here
had a bad time and some of the ripple
effect is coming into the future to
which I say that's all true guess what
your problems are not
special here's a list of my
problems but but I didn't cause your
problems well you did cause some of them
you did cause some of them but I'm not
complaining about that I'm just saying
my problems mean a lot to me and I care
about them a lot do you know what your
problems mean to me at an individual
level I totally care as a group average
I don't care I will never care about
your group average I will definitely
care about you individually and I'll
help if I can it's the only thing that
makes sense now can I find a story in
the news that would be compatible with
what I just said yes apparently uh um
the Crown Prince of Sou Saudi Arabia a
person you'd expect to be very
interested in the Palestinian cause has
said out loud and as clearly as he
possibly can he's not concerned with the
Palestinians just doesn't
care and I said to myself oh my God he's
as smart as I thought he was because
when the when the Crown Prince Saud
Arabia got the job and and he seemed
like a dealmaker and he seemed he just
seemed like a different kind of
character now I'm not going to defend
everything he's done you know if he
chops somebody up with a bone saw not
defend not defending it uh but it's also
a different world so you know I'm
neither I'm NE neither
uh you know disavowing it or defending
it because you know there may be more to
that whole bone saw story than we really
know but if you're just looking at is he
a smart persuasive
leader I think he's got the goods he
looks like he's got the goods and in my
opinion that was exactly the right
answer what he should care about the
Palestinians is basically not it's just
not his job and if anybody tells him he
should the question would be why well
the Palestinians have been they would
say uh abused for many years and then he
would say I know
but then why should I care well because
history and and also their they um
they're Muslim and you're Muslim well
right but I'm in charge of this country
I know but but the history and the bad
treatment and their land and stuff right
so why should I care that's exactly the
right the right answer is why should you
care we really are completely busy
taking care of ourselves and I'm here to
tell you that if you do a really good
job of taking care of yourself that's
the best thing you can do for me it's
probably the best thing you could do for
anybody because then at least you have
some ability to take care of other
people if you want to but take care of
yourself
first meanwhile Hillary has a book and I
saw danao on the five saying she wishes
Hillary wouldn't publish a book right
around an election
because she's out there calling
Republicans deplorables again selling
this
book the book is called something lost
something gained and they they've got of
course a big picture of Hillary Clinton
on the cover and she's got that Democrat
psychopath smile you know the ones where
the where the eyes and the mouth don't
match it's a it's that no teeth are
shown and again I'll do the impression
here would be my impression of a normal
mentally healthy person
smiling there look at that that's my
smile now I'm taking it but that even
looks more than here is a a
psychopath pretending to be a person who
Smiles on the cover of Hillary's
book yeah the psychopath closed lip
smile that doesn't match the eyes so
creepy
anyway apparently the book uh she says
it's about friendship aging and
marriage okay well if I want to learn
how to be a happy married
person I think of Hillary
Clinton all right
um apparently uh there are more students
who want to go to college in southern
colleges and it's a pretty big shift
instead of people wanting to go to those
nice old uh colleges in the
Northeast apparently the uh
Freer the Freer life in the south is uh
attracting people I think it's an Escape
from wokeness so the wokeness is
actually
causing you know the 18 to 24 year olds
to be more conservative because we're
rebelling against it and also the uh
college experience the Young young
people are are just opting out of the
wokeness well meanwhile this is horrible
the the uh hurricane just wiped out an
entire town uh called Chimney
Rock uh looks like their entire Main
Street got wiped away now I have to tell
you that that hits me a little harder
than maybe hits you because you're just
thinking well it's a small town if
nobody got killed things happen but uh I
I grew up in a small town and we lived
on a hill that happened to be just above
the main street of my tiny little town
Windam New York in the caskill mountains
so very much a mountainous you know
Treeline kind of place just like this
town that got wiped away and we too had
an experience with a flood now I recall
it vividly even though I must have been
four or something I don't know I was
really young and we were up on the hill
and we looked into the town literally
we're just on hill just above the town
so we could see the cars drive by and
see people walking around they were that
close and we saw people just taking
stuff out of their houses and throwing
it in their cars like like they're
running away from something and we're
watching this and you know we get out
our binoculars and we're like um what do
they know that we don't
know so suddenly we realized we better
find out what they know cuz they're all
packing up up there and they're
really in a hurry and people are just
like you can see the people just like
running for it and so we we drove uh
just close enough to town to ask the
first person what's going on and they
said the dam broke so there's a dam
several miles away that broke and there
was a wall of water coming toward our
town and we had a warning it was just a
wall of water and they knew it was
coming the dam broke so we quickly went
back to our Hill and stood in front of
our big window in the front and we
watched a
flood just buried my town now most of it
recovered it wasn't it wasn't above the
roofs you know it was like I'm not sure
how tall might have been five maybe five
feet of water in some people's you know
ground floors and stuff so it really
wiped out you know most of the most of
the living experience it took a while to
recover but when I when I went to uh buy
my own house that I was going to live in
Forever the one I'm in now one of the
first things I looked for was can I get
the higher
ground because you get you get scarred
by that if happens when you're little
I'm not going to die in a flood now the
lightning might get me the fires the
Venezuelan gangs but I don't want to be
in that situation I watched the town in
where they were running for their lives
because a wall of water was coming their
way so I'm on a
hill all right um apparently uh got some
New York judges they looking at that
according to the Federalist there's a
New York appell Court that's looking at
that attorney general Leticia James case
that Trump had to pay 450 million in
penalty because of a loan that the Bank
liked and he paid back and everybody was
happy and they'd love to do business
with him again but they say it inflated
his assets on some paperwork which banks
don't even look at anyway they they
don't pay attention to your paperwork
when you put your own value on it they
go check on their own which they did so
there was no victim in this crime nor
any real chance there could have been a
victim because the process of the bank
100% of the time involves they go look
themselves they don't take your word for
your asset value
ever ever not
once so there was no risk of anything
happening bad to anybody um and he's got
to pay 450 million now obviously that's
just law fair and that had nothing to do
with what made sense in this case so um
it might be interesting so I guess
there's some reporting that some of the
judges might think it's kind of
troubling the way that all went down
wouldn't that be interesting
if that got reversed before the election
I don't know if there's time for that to
happen but maybe
maybe Trump has said again that is Rally
quote if we win and when we win we're
going to prosecute people that cheat in
this election and if we can we'll go
back to the last one
too perfect yeah Trump should be saying
out loud and often that if you cheat in
this election you're go into jail and he
started saying it
now given that people think it's at
least a coin flip whether he'll be
president would you cheat an election if
you thought there was a 50% chance that
the person who won is going to come for
you if you get
caught it should reduce the amount of
cheating which is why he does it he's
doing it to reduce the amount of
cheating it should
work all right um meanwhile the
Department of Justice this is one of
those stories that tells you everything
you need to
know did you have any questions about
whether the Democrats plan to rig the
election maybe in ways that are totally
legal but still you would look at them
and say hm looks like you rigged that
election not in an illegal way but you
still rigged it here's an example so the
Department of Justice sued the state of
Alabama and it's top election official
and they say that uh the problem is that
the state of Alabama remove voters from
the voting
roles um that were not eligible to
vote so they got
sued let me say it again the state of
Alabama wanted to remove people from the
voting laws R roles that didn't belong
there and the Department of Justice is
suing them under a technicality because
they're not supposed to change the
voting rules with 90 days in an election
but they did it within 84 days so it's
something that's so desirable it's
written into the law that you can do it
because everybody thinks it would be
good to clean up the voter roles but you
have to do it within 90 days which I can
kind of see makes sense you know in case
there's any challenge to it you've got
time to look at the challenges but do
you think that they should be sued for
doing it within 84 days and instead of
90 because you know 90 was a little bit
arbitrarily
chosen it's not like something happens
after the 90th day if 84 days looks like
well that's looks good enough that's
what the courts should have said the
courts should say uh or the Department
of Justice should say yeah technically
it should have been 90 days but 84 is
not bad given that everybody wanted it
done if nobody wanted it to be done if
there was some reason to have non voters
on your
roles well then you could question the
deadline but if everybody agrees we
don't want non voters voting your people
who are not
eligible why is the difference between
84 and 90 days important enough for the
Department of Justice to sue the
state I can only think of one answer the
one answer is that the
Democrats have some control over the
Department of Justice and they're just
trying to make sure that the Democrats
win and that it's purely unethical and
corrupt it might be
legal so it would only be unethical and
corrupt but possibly totally technically
legal all right here's a persuasion tip
courtesy of RFK Jr who did it better
than you'll ever see it done all right
the tip goes like this if you're trying
to persuade a crowd and by the way this
would work on one to one as well if you
can get the the rally people to do
something
physically whether it's clapping or
talking or laughing or standing up or
introducing themselves to their neighbor
whatever it
is if you as the person talking can get
them to do something physically it
causes you to bond with them so get them
to do something and you will bond but if
you can make the thing that they're
doing also funny you get a
twofer so get them to do something but
make them laugh while they're doing it
okay that's as good as you can get that
would be
persuasion at almost Beyond a commercial
level that would be like wizard level
you know the the great Persuader level
listen now now that you know that that
getting people to do something and
especially if it's funny that would just
be the ultimate home run
listen to what RFK Jr did at a recent uh
event uh he he told the crowd to answer
in a comml Harris way so he'd already
primed them for their answer that they
were going to yell out so the yelling
out is getting them to act right and so
Kennedy says to the crowd after he's
primed them he says the next time your
boss asked you why you were late for
work what are you going to say and the
crowd says in unison I was born in the
middle class the audience responds
because that's what Harris would say to
any economics question and then Kennedy
says and the next time your wife asked
you why you didn't take count the
garbage what are you GNA say and the
crowd yells I was born in the middle
class
um that's just perfect there are
actually three things he put together
there um like he said number one is
getting them to physically move in this
case move their their mouths uh getting
them to laugh while they're doing it
that makes everything stickier you
always remember what's funny so it just
makes it way stickier but then on top of
that he gives you two examples which are
very
relatable which is uh being late for
work everybody's done that at least once
and uh the question about who takes out
the garbage so he brings it down to this
most relatable thing adds the action
adds the humor that's a
ther You Don't See
briefers this is a whole different level
of persuasion ability I don't know how
all the kennedies have this how do all
the kennedies have this
gift I'm actually curious about that I
don't know how they can all do it
anyway um as Greg price and other people
have pointed out Greg's on X um it's
been um more than a day since ice
revealed these terrible crime numbers of
the criminals that have been left in
that have been brought in uh across the
border 13,000 illegal alien murderers
and 16,000 rapists according to ice now
you think that ice would be a credible
Source because they must be you know
vetting people at least enough to know
if they're criminals so that's their
numbers but in the day or so since
that's happening uh the New York Times
ignored it the Washington Post ignored
it ABC and CBS didn't cover it and
neither did CNN well I'm not sure I
would say that they didn't cover it
because I did see Scott
Jennings got plenty of time to mention
it so he's their token Republican on CNN
so I think it means that they didn't do
a story about it but to their credit
again I'm going to give them credit
where where it makes sense to CNN's
credit they did have a Republican on and
they gave him time to say his thing and
they didn't interrupt him and everybody
listened to it so uh Scott Jennings does
help CNN at least get the you know some
of the stories out that they don't focus
on so that's exactly what you think it
is so does that look like a rigged
election it does to me yeah when I when
I see that this big damning story that
favors one one over the other one of the
candidates over the other and it's also
one of the biggest issues the border and
you just see them ignore the most
important question about the border
which is how dangerous is it how
dangerous is it is the whole
question they're ignoring the central
question of the biggest topic hold that
in your head your most important
entities and I've told you before that
the New York Times in the Washington
Post there's a common descriptor for
them uh in the business they're called
called the newsmakers meaning that when
they say it's news all the lesser
entities that do news then they're all
free to say oh I guess this is a big
story now so then they cover it too but
until the New York Times And The
Washington Post say something is
important the rest of the news industry
at least the left leaning part won't
touch
it yeah and that happened also with
Watergate I don't know the details but I
think there was a uh a lesser news
entity that had covered Watergate before
the Washington posted I don't know the
details of this so I could be wrong
about this but it wasn't until the
Washington Post covered it became
everybody's National story
so is this election
rigging yes this is unambiguous election
rigging if one of the biggest stories of
the the most Salient important part of
the biggest story which is how much
crime is coming into the country if you
ignore that when it comes from a
credible
Source that's election interference you
can't tell me that that's just a
decision of what news to cover no that
is just flat out election interference
and I don't think there's any doubt
about it at this point well John kery
was at some event recently and he was
complaining how our first amendment is a
real impediment to governing meaning
that since information is not controlled
people keep hearing things that he
believes they shouldn't hear and it
makes them hard to control by the
government it is so freaky to hear them
say it out loud and
um he didn't really hold back anything
so whatever you're whatever you're most
worried about your government censoring
you John krey says it directly that the
biggest problem in governing is that
people get their own information from
sources they don't control and therefore
if they try to get a a common opinion in
the country get everybody in the same
page so we can do something you can
never do it because too many people will
have found the wrong story he would say
uh on the
internet
now the the first level of awareness of
this is to understand
that um the government does have an
effect on free speech and wants to in
other words they want to limit free
speech to things where the government
still has some control over the populace
so that's the first level of
awareness that it's the moment we say
wait a minute are you saying that our
own government has a problem with the
First Amendment they they're the ones
who should be defending the First
Amendment but you telling me that
they're working against the First
Amendment maybe indirectly through the
censorship on the social media cu the
government doesn't want free
speech here's what I'm going to add I'm
going to take you to the level of
awareness above that
one no Government Can Survive free
speech and never
has
unfortunately you can't survive Free
Speech because everything would fall
apart you wouldn't know what was real
now when you don't have free speech
which is I believe the the common
situation for the entire history of
America we imagined we had free speech
because we thought Walter kronite was
honest what do you think now now that
you know that the CIA and the
intelligence people of every country
every country be they Democratic or be
they dictatorship or anything else all
of them control their media and always
have so if you're just finding out that
the government wants to control what you
hear and see and
think well welcome to the third level of
awareness if your if your awareness is
that we used to have Free Speech but the
government just recently is finding out
that they want to uh clamp down on it
that's not what's happening no we have
never had free speech it's just we found
out finding out you never had it does
not mean that the solution is to get
it I know that's hard to hear if you're
just finding out that in America we've
never really had freas spee or even
close really because the the media was
just propaganda machine always was and
uh we think we have Free Speech but if
you had an opinion that that the
mainstream media didn't want to
air it didn't matter if he had free
speech nobody was going to hear it
so the truth is when it comes to the
media anyway there's no country that can
survive Free Speech it would be too
chaotic they have to control it to keep
the country together I don't like that
don't love it not good for me it's just
true no country can survive real Free
Speech but every country is better off
if they have the fake
kind all right
uh I'm going to do a little uh little
bragging here on my long range
predicting now as you know like
everybody else I don't get all my
predictions right but um when I get them
right I like to tell you and when I get
them wrong you usually tell me but I
usually try to mention it just to be
fair so this is part of you know you
analyzing whether you should listen to
any of my predictions because if I never
got one right you probably shouldn't
listen to any others but if I got a few
right that were
surprising then maybe you should pay a
little extra attention next time I have
one for
example um I've said for 20 years that
moderate drinking is not really good for
you even though science said it was I'm
right about that I've told you that
there's no way that climate change can
measure the temperature accurately
enough to know exactly what's going
on the science isn't there yet but it
will be you know it will
be so I'll be I'll be you know 10 years
ahead of that and I think you know that
I'll be right about that um I've been
saying that uh in addition to saying
that alcohol is poison I've been saying
that our food supply is
poison I think I was one of the early
ones on that but not I'm not like the
Pioneer who's talking about our um our
nutrition but I'm one of the people who
said um I think think our food supply is
actually
poisoned now probably for a long time a
lot of you thought that's a little bit
of highper Scott we have good food we
have bad food but if you just
concentrate on the things you know are
good for you you'll be fine doesn't turn
out that's true so it's not just the
highly processed stuff there's something
wrong with a lot of stuff maybe from
fertilizer who knows I don't know the
details but you're every day now I see
somebody prominent who's getting a lot
of attention saying our food supply is
literally
poison so I'm going to say I was early
on that one how about uh you've watched
me for 10 years or so say that nuclear
is the solution it's not the problem now
pretty much in a bipartisan way every
scientist every person who cares about
green world are all really pro- nuclear
all of a
sudden but I was early was probably 10
years ahead of that saying maybe 20 I
just wasn't doing it in public how about
the first person who said that uh Trump
is not a clown he's the most persuasive
person in politics I was the first one
to say it that his persuasion was
through the roof and now that's just
understood even people who hate him say
okay we hate him but I have to admit he
sure persuaded 45% of the country and
that's no joke so I was early on that
and now I'm telling you that no no
country can survive Free
Speech maybe in 10 years that will be
common knowledge at the moment it hurts
just to hear
it so there's that I've also predicted
and this has not come true but I feel
confident about it the AI will not take
your art job or your humor job because
those things are based on um the the
reason you like any form of art is
because it appeals to your mating
Instinct meaning that you're thinking of
the artist oh my goodness a human being
made this and I'd like to mate with them
even if you're not thinking consciously
about mating with them that's what's
that's the thing that's getting tickled
in your subconscious is your mating
Instinct and since you don't mate with
AI it doesn't matter how good a job it
does could be a great job
and wouldn't
matter all right the SW there's a new
poll on the swing States this is from
Atlas Intel somebody said they're one of
the more accurate ones um I don't know
personally but somebody on social media
said they're one of the more accurate
ones um but this one has North
Carolina
um wait a minute I'm having trouble
reading these well it looks like Trump
would be up in six and a seven of the
polls if if that's what's going
on um if I'm reading this right it's a
really
bad bad organized data I think it's
saying that Trump is doing well
anyway what else is going on here we got
uh uh well let's do an update on
Lebanon so
um I saw a uh I saw a long uh message by
Jared Kushner talking about uh Lebanon
and Hezbollah and Israel and summarizing
a Long Point that was well written um
Kushner basically
said it's go time that Israel would be
crazy if they don't take care of Le um
Hezbollah now because there's never
going to be a better chance remember
I've told you so October 7th is still
fresh enough in people's minds so that
gives them all the everything they need
apparently Israel is way better at War
than we knew because they just took out
the communications and the entire
leadership of Hezbollah at somewhat
minimal um external
casualties and they seem to be able to
do it at will I don't know the degree to
which they've penetrated with
intelligence but it looks like they can
take out the leadership anytime they
want so if they get a new one it's just
going to disappear so I would agree with
questioner you don't have to be pro-
Israel I I remind you that I don't
support Israel as a country because they
don't support
me is that
fair at the very least they should be on
my
side you know I'm not not just picking
random people in the world to
support How about if if you support me
I'll support you but that's not the
situation so instead I'm just an
observer and as an observer it wouldn't
matter if it was Israel or the or the
opposite I'd be saying the same thing
from a a
military um political
standpoint Israel will never see this
situation
again this is the only team they time
they can go in and just mow the lawn
take care of business maybe degrade
Hezbollah
permanently
maybe so if they don't do it it would
just honestly it would look like the
biggest geopolitical
mistake of a hundred years I mean they
have this Mortal threat and this one
opening that may never happen again
where people are going to say well we
don't like it but I can see why you did
it and then you know you add to that uh
the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia saying
he doesn't care about the
Palestinians that's sort of a that's
sort of a you know a signal to do what
you need to do I think he's just doesn't
need the distraction of the Palestinians
always he's pestering him for
something yes and Netanyahu uh has a a
golden situation because there's no
American
leadership and that's the perfect
situation no leadership and even other
countries are going to look at it and
say
uh the other countries are going to look
at it and say the NPCs are weighing in I
can tell when all they do is insult me
that you don't have any argument so made
of Scar says you're a joke Scott if you
had any real point I'm pretty sure you
would have mentioned
it is there something I'm
missing is there there a fact that would
be important that I haven't
mentioned is there some context I'm
leaving
out you use your words see otherwise you
just look like a drunk
 use your words what is it that
you're disagreeing
with let's see if anybody can handle
that all right well that shot you up
yeah get a little get a little smarter
in your comments take your game up that
this is not the dumb the dumb podcast if
you want to watch a dumb podcast you
should go watch ah you thought I was
going to put a name in there but I
wasn't all right that quieted you down
all right and apparently Israel killed
another top hesah
official um I would not want to be the
new leader of Hezbollah
I would
not and relative to nothing if you're
still wondering whether we live in a
simulation I would like to point out
that the biggest issue in the
campaign is the border and Comm Harris
picked a VP named
walls
really of all the politicians in the
world you had to pick somebody whose
name is Trump's signature policy
walls what are the odds of that are you
telling me that that's a
coincidence I don't think it's a
coincidence why do I say they don't
support me do they support you uh who
who are they
supporting no I say it because the
ADL has called me an anti-semite
because they believe I doubt the
Holocaust I've never even met anybody
who doubts the Holocaust I didn't even
know that's a thing but allegedly they
think it's a thing and the head of the
ADL came after me now the ADL does not
work for
Israel but obviously it would be within
the domain of things that they could
have an opinion on and if they would
care to support me well maybe I'd
support them but right now we don't have
a relation
relationship Israel is doing nothing for
me I'm doing nothing for them I'm just
observing all
[Music]
right all
right uh he love the chat
antipathy
uh constructive
criticism all right well I guess we said
everything we need to say um I'm hoping
the locals platform will be back up
running soon and uh we'll talk to the
talk to everybody else uh tomorrow same
time same place thanks for joining and
by the way let me just show you one
thing before I
go if you're not aware that the Gilbert
page day calendar is now available for
pre-sale after skipping a year um and
it's made inica America this time for
the first time made in America and if
you go to dilbert.com you'll see the
link to go purchase it you can't get it
on Amazon and if we run out you won't be
able to get one so pre-sale is the way
to go you don't want to wait till two
weeks before Christmas we might not have
any left so because you know I have to
guess how many we're going to make so if
I guess wrong you're out of luck CU I'm
not going to make them in January so
going to make whatever we think is the
right number and uh if you get it early
you don't have to worry about it all
right that's it thanks for joining I'll
see you all tomorrow same time same
place