think we've got a problem
today so looks like the X Studio didn't
go
live I guess we're around luck today no
X Studio but we got Rumble we got
YouTube and we're
[Music]
live you might ask
yourself uh why is the xplatform not
live it's because the Rumble Studio has
a odd user
interface in which you can click things
and not tell if they've been clicked for
a little while because it takes them a
while to register so there are things I
click correctly that when I go live are
not clicked because I don't have the
patients to hang around to make sure
they
registered so there's no uh there will
be no X um stream
today anyway let's do the sign ous sip
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that nobody can even
understand all you need is a cup or Mo
glass a tanker chel Stein a Cante Jugger
flask of vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dope mean h of the day the thing
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and happens now
go well that was pretty good pretty good
Happy Valentine's
Day
now it's kind of a weird coincidence
because it's Valentine's Day and it's
Ash Wednesday and it's hump day all on
the same
day so I like to celebrate my
Valentine's Day by humping somebody's
Ash all right that wasn't the best dad
joke of the day but the best one is
coming from Ian Bremer who told this
joke on X he said the Dutch aren't so
tall when you account for their land
being below sea
level nicely done Ian Bremer nicely done
dad
joke how many of you saw yay yay Kanye
at the Super Bowl there's some rumor
that Taylor Swift had him
removed that the rumor is that he I
don't know that this is true to me it
doesn't sound true I would guess it's
not but the rumor is that he bought a
seat that was in front of Taylor Swift
like so that he would show up and he
could vote his new album every time uh
they switch to her now I hope that's
true I don't I don't think it is but I
hope it's true because it' be
hilarious but apparently yay uh some
people say he was running out of cash
and he ran a commercial on Super Bowl he
he spent $7 million to do his commercial
in the Super Bowl and then the
commercial he says he ran out of money
for the commercial itself so he films it
just by holding his phone up and talking
into it doing a little selfie commercial
which turned out to be exactly the right
thing to do because it made a lot of
attention and he uh sold $19 million
worth of stuff and apparently you'll be
cash positive really really
fast anyway there's so much news
today um The Daily Mail of the US
version reported that nearly half of
young men don't know where a woman's
cliturus is
I thought it was in my
wallet but yeah what do I know what
don't I know uh in completely unrelated
news to half of men not knowing where a
clitorus is it turns out the US birth
rate is falling huh what could cause
that I don't know uh but it's Fallen
somewhere between 14 and 20% since
2012 and now 35% of women between 25 and
34 have never given
birth
huh I've never seen so many reasons not
to have a
child I feel like it's not one thing
it's everything you know from Financial
to personal to having more alternatives
on the
internet just everything you know
um the the body count the different
advice we're getting the um the
difficulty of being married the tax laws
about getting
divorced really it's everything the the
entire system is designed for um the
complete elimination of American
society and that's that's like a fact
now that doesn't mean we'll you know all
be dead but the current design of our
system would guarantee
it you get that right if all we do is
what we're current L doing we're
guaranteed to no longer be a country
because our birth rate is falling off
you know you won't be able to you know
feel the military get anything
done um then you'll have to bring in a
bunch of immigrants to get any work done
and then you've got you know other
problems just trying to get everybody on
the same
page well in completely other news uh
you probably know uh political pundit I
guess you'd call him and author Mark
Stein he lost a defamation case to
Michael man a climate scientist and I
guess it was over Mark Stein's criticism
of the so-called hockey stick
chart that Michael man is famous for
that showed temperatures would or or
either have or would jump up in the
future and we'd all die from climate
change and
somehow uh the jury awarded him awarded
a million dollars in Damages although no
damages were actually
demonstrated and it seems pretty clear
to me although I think the million
dollars will get
reversed um you know by upper court but
it looks like the process is the
punishment I think Mark Stein said that
that the point of it is to make it
impossible for a normal person to say
something about climate change now
consider this there are about a million
people who have said or a billion who
said the hockey stick graph doesn't look
right to them and Mark Stein actually
wrote a book in which that was a a major
point and in order for him to be found
liable the jury had to believe that
markstein didn't believe what he said
about the hockey stick
chart that is so far beyond anything I
can even hold in my head I don't think
there's anything more obviously true
than Mark Stein believing what he said
which doesn't mean he's right that's a
different conversation but he clearly
believes it how in the world did he get
a jury to say he doesn't believe
something that he's been saying out loud
for years and wrote a book about and
shows his shows his work shows his
argument yeah this is actually just
crazy so clearly our justice system is
completely
broken um Steve Malloy from he is a well
he's at Jung science is his uh his uh
his name on the
xplatform and he reports and again this
doesn't mean it's true but just so you
see all sides of an argument he says
that even with all the bias temperature
stations at airports there's no warming
in the US for the last 25 years now how
do we live in a world in which a very
well-informed guy Steve Malloy who's you
know in he's all over this topic so this
is an area in which he's really well
versed and he says the temperatures
haven't grown up in 25 years now you
know if you asked the climate scientists
they would they would present data and
studies they would show a
ad so who's right they both pay
attention they both pay attention to all
the news and all the studies and one
says nothing happened and the other says
it's happening all over the place it's
on it's uh completely Beyond
question which one of those sounds more
real to
you here's something uh that Zack VOR
said on the xplatform he said I've
discovered that nearly every single
temperature sensor used for climate data
is located on an
airport not near an
airport on an
airport do you know what that means for
temperature
what it should mean is that the
thermometers would show warming because
they're near a lot of concrete and it
wouldn't be a representative of the of
the country now here's what everybody
gets wrong about climate
change I think that people were not
scientists and maybe even some
scientists think that uh the part where
they measure the temperature is
science you know that's not science
right that's more about human beings
it's more about
organization it's about who owns the um
the temperature devices the sensors uh
what companies put them out there uh how
maintained they are where they put them
and why they put them there none of that
is
science that that's more like an
ordinary company doing ordinary things
right they're they're just trying to
make their thing work um do you
believe that you know any people who
could have successfully placed thousands
of
sensors anywhere and gotten the right
answer to within a tenth of a
degree if you imagine how many of those
sensors uh might be a little untuned or
you know not exactly right how many of
them uh have weird you know readings for
different reasons technical or otherwise
how many of them need maintenance how
many of them are different models
do you think if you put in one model of
sensor and then later you replace it
with another one you could be confident
you're you got a good uh you know
unbroken chain of cause and
effect here's what I think I don't think
anybody who's lived in the real world
believes that we can measure the
temperature of the earth within a tenth
of a degree and I'm going to say that as
clearly as possible I don't know if that
you know I don't know what's happening
with climate change I have no way to
know because I don't believe any data
but I don't think there's any chance
that given the complexity of
measuring the temperature and all these
thermometers and all the things that
could go wrong I don't believe there's
any chances
right I mean it could be too high or it
could be too low but I don't think
there's any chance it's accurate and
we're making all the decisions based on
it all right well and then there was
another study Jud Curry was pointing out
that apparently a lot of cities have had
added Greenery you know they've added
plants and trees which everybody would
say well that's good that's pretty good
for climate change right add a bunch of
trees well it turns out that when you
add
trees you don't have as much concrete
showing and concrete is really good at
reflecting Sun back up into the
atmosphere so it turns out if you plant
a bunch of trees where you used to have
concrete it might actually trap the
warmth it might trap the warmth because
it doesn't reflect back out so they they
could actually be making the uh the
sensors read a little bit warmer because
they planted a bunch of trees and cities
that's there's a study that suggests
that now is that true I don't know but
it gives you an idea of the
complexity that the the level of
complexity of measuring the temperature
of the Earth over
time I think is zero chance that they
could do
that all right uh big big changes in ai
ai is finally getting a memory so chat
GPT will remember your last
conversations uh that should open up a
whole bunch of different applications
and Nvidia apparently is coming out with
her
own um product a some kind of a chat
with RTX I guess it's an AI technology
and their chat but chatbot can run on
your local PC uh I don't think it works
on a Macintosh yet or Apple computer yet
um but it's your own personal Ai No
Connection to the internet and you could
feed it all of your
documents so you could give it all your
files all your videos and it would know
everything about you or everything about
the topic that you wanted to
know
yeah um so these are they sound like
little things but if you add memory and
you add that you can do it on your own
uh computer those are gigantic
civilization changing things they're
just small at the
moment all right uh have you heard of
ground news ground news is a a company
that uh shows you where there is bias in
the news so for example if there's a big
political story and one side covers it
and the others don't that will show up
on ground news's
reporting so they did a report on
Michael
rabor uh is he actor comedian what is he
actor
comedian I don't know what to call
Michael
rapor
um but uh so the news was that he said
he was wrong about Donald Trump's
Charlottesville
statements and how much coverage did
that get from the political right a lot
yeah it turns out when a major hoax that
was the centerpiece of the president's
entire campaign Biden's campaign that
when that gets debunked by Major
celebrity who realizes not just that he
was fooled but he can tell you exactly
how the mainstream media did it so do
how much coverage do you think that got
from left leaning
Outlets zero
zero not one yeah all kinds of right
leading entities covered it but
zero now if you
were uh if you were a
Democrat do you think you would know
that this is necessarily a hoax the the
fine people hoax you wouldn't know you
there's there's no access to news how
would you know unless you figured it out
yourself
well CNN promoted one of their people
Natasha
Bertrand so that's good right uh honest
reporter working hard gets her promotion
I think we can all be happy about
that so uh Natasha Bertrand uh let see
why where have I heard that name
before Natasha Bertrand I feel like I've
heard that name
before let's
see uh Molly Hemingway reminds us that
uh she was behind the Fusion GPS uh
Russia collusion reporting she was one
of the main people behind that well I
mean that's just one mistake I mean come
on can we let let people have one
mistake not nobody's
perfect uh she also was one of the main
people promoting the hunter Biden laptop
story was Russian
disinformation okay two mistakes that's
just two
mistakes which seem coincidentally
compatible with the intelligence uh
operation in the United States so the
people who are smarter than I am tell me
she's an intelligence asset and CNN is
promoting her for spreading some of the
biggest lies in the political world
right in front of
you is does that blow you away now you
tell me how how many Democrats saw the
news that somebody who's famous for
spreading hoaxes the political ones are
really the intelligence driven
ones uh do you think that they're aware
the CNN just promoted the one of their
primary
hoers probably not no but the right saw
the news on
X all right
um this is amazing so Thomas massie's
posting that uh this week the house will
vote in whether the US government uh
needs to get a warrant to search your
private
Communications wait
what the house will vote on whether the
US government must get a warrant to
search your private
Communications didn't you kind of think
that they already needed that or can
they just go looking for a crime oh you
did know that they can do that because
they can do that um if I suppose if this
gets passed um and they would do it by
collecting the uh the information that's
used to surveil
foreigners so as long as our
intelligence picks up some foreign
conversations and they talk to any
Americans apparently it's legal to go
look at all of the communication of the
American they talk to even if no crime
is alleged or involved
can you believe
that here's the part that I think is
funny I think it's funny that anybody
thought they had any
privacy you've never had privacy you've
never had privacy I mean never for years
um so every time we have a conversation
about protecting our privacy I think in
what world are you living that that
whole privacy thing went away a long
time ago yeah they're they're in
anything they want to be in all right
we'll talk more about that uh oh here's
a little uh mystery solved with uh uh
Bill Amman you know he was so active in
going after Harvard for their wokeness
and their bad comments about Israel and
I didn't realiz you know I wondered why
he was so active about that I mean I
realized that the Israel part might be
personal and Harvard was his college so
it's personal but it turns out he said
that his daughter went to Harvard and
they turned her into a
Marxist so you imagine being one of the
biggest you know most famous capitalists
in the entire country and you you're so
proud because you sent your daughter not
only to the school you went to but to
Harvard and she comes back being an
anti-
capitalist that's got her Hur and
apparently it caused a lot of tension
she would quote freak out at the table
when capitalism came
up so so basically they ruined his
daughter and he not only did he pay for
it but he did a massive donation to them
and then they destroyed his
daughter you know at least they ruined
her mind according to this
report well CBS News fired reporter
Katherine herriage who you probably know
and have respected she's one of the few
people who when her name comes up in
terms of usually political foreign you
know political reporting let's say but a
lot of it involving other countries and
when her name comes up at least among
conservatives almost universally there's
respect attached to it which is very
weird because generally speaking um you
know journalists on both sides get a lot
of criticism but she's generally held up
as like the one who's obviously just
trying to do her job and doing a good
job
uh however there is some rumoring that
CBS wanted to get rid of her because she
was reporting things that were
true and so they used the excuse of a
mass firing that involved you know many
other people uh to take around at the
same time I don't know that there's any
way to confirm what people were thinking
when they did it but it is another
example of one person who is known for
telling the truth could not hold the job
at a major uh news
organization does that remind you of
anybody who
else would be famous for telling the
truth and therefore got kicked off a
major news
platform well I could think of Tucker
Carlson now you could you know he's
accused of not telling the truth that's
always convenient but it seemed to me
that's not exactly why they got rid of
him probably because he was telling too
much truth
uh and I told you the story about Steve
Cortez who was on
CNN and he would he was debunking the
fine people hoax which is a staple of
their reporting and never been
true and he was
Leto yeah so there is a there's a very
clear pattern that when people try to
tell the truth in a news
organization they get
fired that's actually a real thing
getting fired for telling the truth and
there's there's a very clear pattern now
it could be there could be coincidences
involved and maybe there's more of the
story but it's kind of a weird
coincidence that every time you tell the
truth your odds getting fired to very
high now I got cancelled um just about a
year ago so it's almost exactly a year a
few weeks from
now um how did newspapers do after they
cancelled me oh turns out they had an
unprecedented decline in readership uh
immediately following getting rid of
Dilbert in the newspapers now I don't
think that's totally
causal but it does tell you that they're
you know not capably run and if anybody
doesn't know I don't think any
Republican ever canceled me it was
entirely political you know when it
first happens you're not sure because
it's you know fog of War but a year
later I haven't gotten a single
complaint from anything I've ever
said at least in terms of you know
cancellation kind of stuff from any
Republican as far as I know it was 100%
Democrat action and maybe there was some
Republicans who just had to go along
with
it so I don't know that's my speculation
I don't know for
sure all right uh
mayoras Homeland Security secretary was
impeached which doesn't mean much he was
just impeached by one vote in the house
but then it goes to the Senate and
either won't go to a vote or it'll get
voted down so it's not going to he's not
going to actually lose his job but I'm
very happy that the Republicans pushed
it because they need to get on record
saying um you're destroying the world
you know if not just the country uh
right now and you're doing it right in
front of us and we're all watching and
there's no way we can be silent about it
so yes good job for the Republican
getting the impeachment through so at
least it's on record at least it's on
record and that's good work uh we're
also learning Judicial Watch Tom Fenton
is saying that uh they have learned from
a Foya lawsuit that it was mayorcas who
personally denied security for RFK
Jr are you concerned about mayorcas
being on our team
yet mayorcas looks like he doesn't even
work for the United
States he acts like he he works for a
foreign
country uh because because his behavior
is so contrary to the American interests
I mean it's just so obviously contrary
to our interests how in the
world is does this go on how in the
world does this keep
going
amazing uh Senate candidate uh Barbara
Lee you you heard about this she had a
solu
for the high prices in San
Francisco uh she wants minimum wage to
be $50 an
hour now she said that during a debate
running for Senate in
California how how does it happen that
could somebody could have an opinion
that's so monumentally stupid and they
could get all the way to the debate
floor and nobody told her how stupid it
was
how's that
happen I'm I'm going to make a uh
controversial uh speculation I don't
know this but I think she might have the
black woman
problem do you know what the black woman
problem is nobody wants to tell you the
truth that's the black woman problem and
that's not an insult it's not an insult
it's it really is a maybe a reflection
of how much power you have in society if
nobody wants to tell you the truth it
means you have power some kind either
personal or political or financial or
something so there is a it does seem
like um there is one group that I don't
know anybody who would tell the truth to
I don't know any white person who would
because it's just doesn't
pay so but imagine imagine the cost of
this the fact that we can't talk talk to
each other honestly you don't think
there was even one person who knew that
if barbar Lee recommended a $50 an hour
minimum wage there wasn't one person in
her world to tell her that's not just a
bad idea that's just
stupid and by the way I'm not going to
insult you by describing why it's
stupid because you all know am I right
is there one person here who doesn't
know why that's
stupid any
anybody right now there are thousands of
people watching I'll bet there's not one
person who thinks that's a good idea or
that it's even just a a preference it's
not even a preference it's actually just
stupid because it couldn't work there's
no there's no world in which it would be
smart so I think her problem is that she
doesn't have anybody who can tell her
the
truth because it wouldn't it wouldn't
pay for them to do it they'd rather just
say all right just do what you're going
to do just speculation but you should
worry when you reach a p a level of
power where people will lie to you
because I think that's happening
probably to a lot of a lot of people in
power they just can't get the
truth
um Politico has this headline Trump
advisers rush to spin off the cuff NATO
remarks to spin them to spin them you
say so that's those are remarks where uh
Trump
indicated that uh he might not support a
country that didn't pay up all of its
NATO
dues
now 100% of smart people know that he
was just saying that to negotiate it's
just the obvious
smart uh responsible thing to do that if
you don't pay your bills we might have
to withhold the service you know NATO
protection now nobody thinks that he
would withhold NATO protection if it
made a difference to the United States
or even Europe I don't think he would it
would be crazy to think that he would
make that decision because somebody was
short on their
dues but threatening people to not do it
is perfectly acceptable it's perfectly
acceptable because that's the way
everything works if you don't pay I
can't guarantee I'm going to give you
the service that's the way everything
works so yes Trump was perfectly
reasonable in saying
that um but this must be phase two of
the NATO funding hoax so in phase one
they report that you know Trump said
something that's an a context and they
act like they don't understand what he's
saying that's phase one in phase two
they act like the people who are
explaining that the news is fake that
those people are spinning
so we've entered phase two of The hoax
where where they just say that the
people who are debunking The hoax are
spinning it's always it's always here as
soon as the hoax gets debunked You Can
Count On The Press coming and say well
look at those crazy debunkers who are
trying to spin it and they're trying to
torture that story to make it sound like
something is not or they're just all the
smart people are on the same
page
well there was a special election last
night in Pennsylvania I guess and it
snowed so not as many people went to
vote in person but of course there was a
massive difference in mailin votes and
the early mailin votes from the
Democrats uh tip the tide and so the
Democrats were victorious in the special
election now did anybody see that
coming could anybody have predicted that
there would be an election
and then I guess Santos election same
problem so could anybody predict that
massive mailin
voting would tip the election to a
Democrat it was kind of
predictable kind of predictable yeah and
we're going to go into a major
election and we don't have a election
system that I would consider even a
little bit
credible and we're going to be okay with
that
we should definitely cancel the
election now I don't mean cancel
democracy but we should cancel the
election until we have a system that the
public
trusts whatever that takes all right
there is new information that there are
AI Bots that are going to interfere with
the election now an AI bot
um uh could come from anywhere and it
could interact with you on social media
and and because it's AI it might do a
much better job of interfering with an
election than a human would because it
could work all day and night and it
could you know enter every comment and
you know it could do all that stuff but
I'm wondering if there isn't an AI bot
solution to all the
hoaxes wouldn't it be nice to have an AI
bot that scour the internet for anybody
um who's pushing a hoax and then it just
left a comment with really good sources
Bing The hoax and just did every time
because it would be AI so it would be
working you know 24 hours a day every
time anybody mentioned it boom first
comment here's the
debunk I feel like that's inevitable
right yeah so you got the AI Bots you
got the mail-in ballots here's a
question I asked I said uh what's the
point of electronic voting machines now
I've got a my background is economics
you I've got economics degree and MBA so
I tend to see things as business models
and I look at through an economic filter
at most
things but why is it that we have
electronic voting machines I could think
of seven possible
reasons see if any of these seven
reasons for having electronic machines
sounds good to you are they
faster are they faster
um are are they more credible to voters
are voters more likely to believe them
than other ways are they safer from
cheating is it harder to
cheat uh are they more
accurate um are they e more easily
audited so if anything goes wrong you
can find out what went wrong really
fast are they less expensive than let's
say paper ballots
are they easier to manage and
maintain now those would be seven
reasons are any of those seven reasons
true I don't I'm not aware that they
would be true because I can't imagine
they're faster more credible safer more
accurate moreable less expensive or
easier to
manage now Joel po pointed out there
there are uh exclusively paper
ballots it may be in places where
they're only voting for a party was more
of a you know two situations whereas we
have lots of uh you know lots of sub
things to vote on so our our voting is
complicated so that maybe that wouldn't
work on paper well it wouldn't work as
well but he's saying it wouldn't
work I mean if I had if I had one piece
of paper that everybody's votes I feel
like I could count that no matter how
many there were might need some extra
people to do it
um but in my opinion it looks far more
likely that the purpose of electronic
voting machine is to
cheat it looks like it's designed for
cheating it doesn't look like it's
designed for the obvious benefits of
automation you know automation usually
has really obvious benefits save money
faster more accurate that sort of thing
but since none of those things are
obvious to the
voters it looks like the system is
designed to sheet now can I say that
that's actually true no no because I
can't prove it but as an observer and as
a citizen I look at the facts that I do
know and even with uh Joel's you know uh
context that it might be hard to do if
you have a lot of issues on the
ballot I don't get it I still think you
can do it and that if your alternative
is to do something that isn't credible
to the
voters you should do the extra work to
do it now what about the mail-in
ballots what would be the purpose of
mailin
ballots well if you asked people would
say it's to make sure that uh you have
enough
participation now I certainly understand
if you're in the military you're around
of the country I understand if you're
disabled I don't think anybody would
argue with any of that you know there
are special cases where you should be
able to vote and you just legitimately
can't get there so those people should
have an option for sure but what is the
argument for the other
people and now you say to yourself B
Scott the argument is very clear it
increases voter
participation to which I say can you
point me to a country that does only
same day voting and they're and the and
the public is
unhappy because they didn't have mail in
ballots does that exist anywhere you
know anywhere in the
world anywhere in the world are are
there people saying you know I would
have trusted our election outcome my
only problem was there were mailing
there there were no mail in
ballots I don't think that exists as far
as I know it's solving a problem that
the public doesn't believe is a
problem because they wouldn't say the
election was rigged
at most they would say I didn't bother
to
vote am I wrong about that if if you
weren't one of the people who you was a
shut in uh for health reasons you're not
in the military you you had the option
to drive in and vote and you just
decided not to do you complain about the
outcome
then not as much and you certainly
wouldn't say the problem was I didn't
get to to mail in my vote like you might
complain play on a personal level but
you wouldn't think that it changed the
outcome of the election just by its
nature so in my opinion um the mailin
voting and the electronic voting
machines
are um signals
that the people in charge of our
system prefer cheating over a credible
system is that too
far now I'm not saying that I could read
they mine because I can't I'm saying
that the the signal they're sending is a
fraud that doesn't mean I can identify
any specific fraud I'm saying that
everything about this looks like
somebody is uh intentional creating a
situation to control the elections it
doesn't look like it's even designed it
doesn't even look like a good try to
make a fair election it doesn't look
like a good try if somebody tried and it
was obvious they tried and they failed
then I'd say well that's just you know a
capability problem but if you design it
so it
clearly looks like it's designed for
cheating what would you expect the
public to do how how are you supposed to
expect us to react when you design a
system that on the surface looks like
it's designed for
cheating you can ignore that if you
want know why you would uh in a world in
which every every system and you know
bureaucracy and department is corrupt
you know it seems like everyone that
would be a lot to AC accept in your
election systems that it's the only one
not
corrupt and uh let's see rasmuson report
backing up my opinion says showed some
data that says
uh that the public doesn't think the
mail and ballots are you know necessary
and it looks like it's a opportunity for
cheating so yes the public doesn't think
there's a problem that needs to be
solved it's the government telling you
it needs to be solved and that's a huge
red flag if the government is solving
problems that the people don't recognize
as
problems that's a
problem all right there's H some
reporting who knows if it's true that uh
Putin proposed in uh late 2023 for a
ceas
fire and looks like Biden didn't want
anything to do with it or whoever is
running the country didn't want anything
to do with it now do you think that if
we had said yes to a
ceasefire in
2023 that we would have ended the war in
a way that will be very much like
however it ends whenever it
ends I think so if we had said yes we
probably would already be
done I think now just to make things
interesting Ukraine took out a Russian
uh some kind of a landing ship or
something and they did it with some
drones and now they're saying that
they've taken out a third of Russia's
Black Sea Fleet with their drones I
don't know if I believe any of that data
but Ukraine is you know picking up the
pressure
so anyway um does it look to you like
our government wants this to be solved
in the way that it should be solved
which is some kind of negotiated
settlement it does not our government is
sending us every signal that whatever is
the reason for this war is not what
they're telling
us it doesn't have anything to do with
Ukraine because I think it's obvious
that Ukraine would be better off ending
it right
away isn't it isn't it 100% obvious that
the Ukrainian people would be better off
negotiating it into this right away even
if they end up being ruled by
Putin because Putin has very high
approval you know I'm sure he's you know
done bad things and that you know that's
all true
but he has a very high approval record
if we were to believe that data so would
the Ukrainian people be that worse
off because right now they've got a
leader who's kind of sketchy and sending
all the young people to die you don't
get any worse than that and he's he's
gaining nothing in it they didn't get
any extra
land so all right so we keep an eye on
that I would say everything about that
war is corrupt and if we give them a
penny more it's uh a huge
mistake well there's a story that uh
there might be a reason the FBI raided
maral
Lago do you remember when you thought to
yourself hey I wonder if the real reason
that Mar Lago those you know the boxes
there the secret documents maybe the
real reason is that there was something
they were looking for that Trump had
that would embarrass
them well we don't know for sure but
there's some reporting saying that
there's a quote missing
binder that would have proven that the
CIA was behind the Russia collusion
hoax so Michael shellenberger and I
think Matt taib is involved with this uh
are now reporting that John Brennan who
is the head of CIA at the time uh got
got our Allied countries to spy on 26
Trump
Associates because that would make it
legal for America to look at them
too
so the the reporting is that we now have
documented proof that the CIA asked our
Allied countries you know the the main
allies that we always deal with for
intelligence and asked them gave them a
list of 26 people to spy on who were
Americans let me say that
again our own country gave foreign
countries the five eyes people gave them
a list of American citizens who had
committed no crimes to spy on for the
purpose of then making it legal for
Americans to spy on them too because
that they would the uh foreigners would
write up reports that made it sound like
there was something suspicious going on
and that would be enough for the
Americans to have cause to go through a
legal process to spy on them as well and
that the only point of it was to find
things that they could embarrass and
keep Trump out of office
so
um and then the CIA took those reports
and fed it to the FBI who started the
crossfire hurricane
thing now and then maybe Trump had that
you know binder they had that evidence
and maybe the FBI rated Mar Lago just to
take that out of
circulation now that part seems a little
iffy to me I'm not sure I would go all
the way to that's the moral Lago thing
but you have to put it in the mix yet
you have to assume it's
possible
um at the same
time Tony balinski who is at Hunter's
business party partner is testifying
again yesterday and he confirmed a lot
of what we've heard before that the big
guy was Biden that the only product was
Biden and that the big Chinese Energy
company uh gave the Biden so much money
that is suggests that he you know
they're beholden to
China
so that's
amazing does it seem to you that every
suspicion you ever had was
true you know climate change looks as
sketchy as you
thought um
everything about the uh war in Ukraine
is exactly as sketchy as you thought
that it looks like it's just a money
laundering operation is completely
crooked has nothing to do with what's
good for
ukrainians none of
that um you know the the media people
getting fired for probably all fake
reasons I don't think there's anything
that's not corrupt at this point it it
looks like just everything's corrupt
maybe it always was it we didn't notice
I don't
know um here's another example did you
know that uh Biden refusing or not
taking a cognitive test as part of his
annual exam uh he would be the first US
president in history to refuse a
cognitive
exam now that's all you need to know
isn't
it that's all you need to know if he's
not willing to take a cognitive exam
it's obviously because he's going to
fail it and he knows
it
now if you were Biden wouldn't you at
least take the exam and then sit on it
if it was the wrong
result I feel like you'd take a practice
one wouldn't you you know what I mean
maybe off the Record you know maybe the
doctor said look you know you're going
to have to take a cognitive exam later
this isn't the real one it's exactly
like the real one but it's just practice
just just to get a sense of how you
might do if you did a real one and then
let's say he fails the practice one then
the doctor could say I didn't give him a
cognitive exam No I gave him a a
practice
exam so he'd be familiar with it when he
saw the real thing right now I'm not
saying that happened I'm saying that
uh I'm saying that uh it's very sketchy
that they're not going to give the one
person who has obvious cognitive decline
a cognitive test it's exactly what it
looks like however I would like to offer
this
possibility that if Biden did decide to
do a cognitive
test it would probably be
rigged he'd probably try to rig the
results and here's here's the questions
I think would be on his cognitive test
it' be a three question test number one
which of these people is the one they
call Jill
that'd be question number
one uh question number two is how does
C3PO walk
demonstrate and then number three do you
like ice cream now I think if he if he
were asked those three questions he'd
probably nail it so I do expect if he
takes a cognitive test it will be
rigged
anyway
uh the uh special counsel reported of
course that uh Biden had poor memory and
was uh forgetting stuff because he's an
old man so the Republicans cleverly said
why don't you show us that transcript
public needs to see that
transcript
and uh apparently that will not be
released at least as of now maybe later
we'll get it but there's some resistance
to getting that
um however shout out to John Stewart on
The Daily Show who quite cleverly showed
the video from Trump's depositions in
which he was saying he doesn't remember
a variety of things that you think a
person should
remember now I don't think he was
necessarily lying uh although he may
have um not wanted to commit to anything
he wasn't 100% sure of so he might say
doesn't remember that would just be good
strategy but um I would agree that the
confusing of names and the forgetting of
dates is not super indicative of
cognitive decline it could be but not by
itself so I'd really like to see the
transcript too because I'm open to the
possibility that it was uh
exaggerated if you if you saw the
transcript do you think you would have
the same
feeling you know the part where where he
said he didn't remember when his his son
died that I don't believe that I it was
reported that he didn't know when his
son
died I don't believe that I don't
believe it at all I believe he knew when
he died I think he maybe he misheard the
question or he was
tired um because there are times when
there are things I know I know that I
can't recall at the moment and then
later I'm like oh obviously you know
like dates of things every now and then
I can't remember a date of something
important in my life but then like a few
days will go by and they like oh
obviously that was 2004 now I remember
so I'd really like to know more because
I do think there is some chance that
we've been misled about how bad it was
uh what we see in public is bad enough
to want him removed from office
obviously but I'd like to know what does
happen in those
transcripts um the vake is doubling down
and he said that on the xplatform I said
it at the debate three months ago and
I'll say it again Biden isn't going to
be the nominee the Democrats need to
fess up on the plan and tell the truth
about what's really
happening well I think he's obviously
right to me it seems obvious that the
Democrats have not decided he's going to
be the nominee for the obvious reasons
and and that they're working on
Alternate plans but I doubt that they've
agreed on one so my guess is that the
Democrats are like everybody else in the
world and there's just lots of different
opinions and so when it when it looks
you know if it looks to you like uh
they've all made some kind of like
master plan it's probably closer to
their still fighting it out because they
can't agree because whoever they decide
as the president or the or the candidate
in place of Biden would give some group
of De Democrats more power than
others let me say that again whoever
Democrats decide will be the candidate
if they replace Biden whoever that
person is is going to have you know more
connections to some subset of the
Democrat world than to the other part so
I would think that each of the you know
power centers within the Democratic
party would be pushing hard for their
own preferred candidate so there's got
to be people pushing for Gavin people
pushing for any number of other people
Hillary who knows so I think it's lack
of um I think it's lack of agreement
that's keeping Biden
running that plus the fact that nobody
can tell him to quit if he doesn't want
to because you know oh you're saying
Mark Cuban I don't think so but
anything's
possible so um yeah that's what we got
going on
there now my god did I cover everything
that's happening today so so succinctly
and so
clever that I got done in an hour my God
I'm good at this there was so much today
that I actually wondered if I could get
through it in an hour and a half so I
was kind of rushing but I I over
rushed
um uh Biden forgot the year of his
Corvette yeah I mean to me that doesn't
seem
like an abnormal
thing that wouldn't be abnormal for me I
would forget the name year of my car all
the time even if it was a classic car I
would forget the year you you you
wouldn't believe the things I forget and
I'm still reasonably functional and it
doesn't seem to be age related because
it was always like
that
or all right uh how many of you have a
uh Valentine's uh
date in the comments who's who's got a
Valentine's
date how many of you have been
brainwashed by the system to believe
that you must put on a show of Love on
this date specifically and it must be
accompanied with
merchandise because that's the way you
show your love with your
merch
well I'm happy for you if you've got a
valentine better than not having one I
guess so how many of you have convinced
your spouse not to celebrate the
day uh I tried that
once uh would you like to hear out my
experience
went uh I I'm pretty sure Christina
wouldn't mind me telling this story I I
don't think this would embarrass her I
think she'd be fine with it so uh in my
prior Mar my more recently ended
marriage of my two uh I thought I was
going to be clever and so right out of
the shoot way before Valentine's Day
like nowhere near it I started saying I
do not celebrate artificial holidays
I I will be generous and nice to you
every day but I will not be forced to
celebrate Thanksgiving and to her credit
and you know one of the things I found
attractive about her was that she
absolutely agreed and I thought wow I
found my soulmate I found a woman who
you know doesn't put a high you know any
kind of uh importance on Valentine's Day
and I thought to myself
I might be the smartest man in America
because I beat the
system now how do you think it went on
Valentine's Day when I didn't have a
gift just about the way you
think it it turns out that the theory of
not exchanging a gift on on Valentine's
Day is very attractive because nobody
wants to think that they're forced into
being uh romantic
but when it's the actual
day and everybody you know got a
president by
you it's just not a good relationship
situation it's just not so uh I'm not
criticizing her I think that every woman
in America probably wants to get
something on Valentine's Day even if
they tell you they don't so my little
message to you is if you have negotiated
with your
woman to not celebrate the day and not
give her
anything it's possible she totally
agrees with you but I would at
least suggest that maybe you ought to
have something in the you know in the
trunk of your
car just in case things get tense and
then you could do of course I got you a
present honey it's in the trunk of the
car go out and get it maybe I mean just
just to make sure you could get through
a few Valentine's days within a fight
you know just have a backup plan and
then don't bring it out if there's no
fight but if you manage to get through
the whole day and everything's
good you're probably
free but I would not assume that you're
average normal American woman even if
she says Valentine's Day should not be
important I don't know that it feels
that way when you get to Valentine's Day
it just doesn't feel unimportant
yeah it's kind of like saying that
Christmas is just another day if you
don't have any plans it never really
feels like just another day when you're
in
it it's just something you can say in
advance so uh I'm going to say I was the
dumb one on that transaction because I
should have just known that you know
Americans are just too conditioned by
that holiday to imagine that it's
nothing we're just too well trained
uh thanks for helping men not trust
women some
more uh I'm not sure if that's even
about trusting women I think you could
reverse the genders and it would be the
same
thing I sometimes say I don't want
anything for my
birthday do I mean
it do I mean
it you tell me
because I often say I don't want
anything for my
birthday I 100% mean it from non-family
Members I 100% mean it from non-family
members and certainly I mean it from any
family members who are not local like I
definitely don't expect anybody to mail
me something that that's more than I
would ask from
anybody
but if I had a
spouse and I got literally nothing for
my birthday I would feel about the same
way as as a spouse would feel about
getting nothing for Valentine's Day I
would think I know I said I don't want
anything and I know I meant it but
really you didn't get something
anyway so I gota you know we're all
we're all irrational when it comes to
that
stuff all right that's all I got for you
today it's a newsy day lots of fun go
have some uh fun Valentine's Day and
thanks for joining on YouTube and Rumble
sorry about the
xplatform I'll get you next time have a
great Valentine's day and a good hump
day and a good Ash Wednesday and don't
be humping any
ashes