boom ba-ba-boom ba-ba-boom so there's a
little question that people have
challenged me with and it goes like this
Scott they say you said recently that
tutorial videos should not have an
introduction you should just get right
into the lesson and then you do these
periscopes and you have this blah blah
blah simultaneous if introduction stuff
like I'm doing right now feels like some
kind of a hypocrite or something but let
me tell you why I do it on these live
streams I do it on the live streams so
you have time to get in here that's why
but as a secondary effect which is this
is a persuasion tip those of you who got
in here early you're gonna get the
persuasion tip this is a really really
really strong persuasion tip if you were
to rank all of the tips for persuasion
this would be in the top five right up
there with scaring people and using
visual persuasion simplicity etc so it's
one of your top persuasion tips and it
goes like this if you can get somebody
to do anything anything you can get them
to do more more likely it's a
statistical thing so if you can get
somebody to do you a small favor it
Prime's them to do larger favors this is
proven by studies by the way if you read
the book influenced by Jill Dini he
talks about this so a salesperson for
example would try to get you to do
something small because if they can get
you to do something they can build on
that to get you to do a little bit more
you become comfortable with the idea
that somebody's giving you ideas and
you're acting upon them so when I do the
simultaneous up people enjoy it
in fact I didn't I didn't invent it and
then spring it on people I just sort of
did it one day and be
said they liked it so I did more of it
so basically I was just responding to
the public but the reason I responded is
that I recognized that it would be the
strongest form of bonding relationship
just like singing just like exercising
together just like going through an
experience together if I can get any
percentage of you to do the simultaneous
sip in the morning we bond is there
anything wrong with that no because you
know exactly what I'm doing
it's very transparent I'm telling you I
do it because people like it and it
helps you bond nothing wrong with that
right
the world is persuasion it's not all bad
persuasion it's not all the manipulation
sometimes it's just the engineering
wouldn't you like your content to be
more interesting of course you would so
what I I would like your content to be
more interesting too so I use techniques
which are fully transparent to make
yourself so that's what that's all about
in the news today Joe Biden went to a
cemetery no no no no no you're so live
he visited a cemetery he visited we
think he visited he was wearing a mask
and dark aviator glasses so I'm not
gonna say it was a hundred percent Joe
Biden but the parts that we could see
which was really just this little narrow
forehead part it looked a lot like his
forehead I gotta say I mean you could
sort of fake the hair and the glasses
and the mask but that little strip on
his forehead I think that was him I
would recognize that anywhere so he got
out of the basement
I think for Christmas instead of Elf on
a shelf
have you heard of that I don't know
exactly what that's all about I think
there was a children's book called
Elf on a shelf so every Christmas people
put a little a little elf on the shelf I
don't know why you do it
but I think this Christmas we should
have basement Biden's Biden in the
basement I think I might repurpose one
of my Dilbert dolls to make it a little
Joe Biden doll I'll just put a little
face on it and I'm gonna make that my
basement Biden and just gonna put that
in my basement as a sort of a holiday
tradition interestingly Joe Biden
visited the cemetery today but I did not
see footage of him leaving so I mean I'm
not trying to start any rumors I'm just
stating a fact I saw a video of him
arriving didn't see anything of him
leaving not that that means anything I'm
just telling you the facts
so CNN found a way to be more ridiculous
today you didn't think it was possible
did you come on be honest did you think
it was possible for seeing them to be
more ridiculous
you didn't you didn't think that but
here it is and I swear I'm not making
this up this is an actual tweet
from CNN oh that was just a warm-up
there will be more cursing later stick
around for that here's the actual tweet
from CNN and I swear it looks like it's
just a joke or something so it says that
the novel would the novel coronavirus
seems to be more deadly for men and I'm
thinking to myself well that that's
unusual is CNN highlighting dangers to
men now because that's unusual but read
on that's just the first sentence the
novel coronavirus seems to be more
deadly for men but in many other ways
women are bearing the brunt of this
pandemic what what
for instance it goes on for instance the
majority of health workers are women yet
to get paid it I didn't read the whole
 tweet I didn't read the whole
 tweet before I decided to do
this because the part I read was so
stupid I thought oh I got to read this
in public
only right now I swear is the first time
I've read the rest of the tweet I didn't
know it was this funny yet they get paid
20% less than average than men according
to the wait for it wait for it I want to
read the beginning of the sentence again
so that we can have the timing right
when I do the reveal for the end of the
sentence the end of the sentence is
going to be an expert entity or
organization possibly somebody who
studied this carefully so this is going
to be an authority at the end of the
sentence let me start from the beginning
of the sentence so that we have the full
context here from CNN's tweet for
instance the majority of health workers
are women yet they get paid 28% less on
average than men according to the World
Health Organization I pause for your
laughter first of all I don't want to
get into the whole men getting paid more
than women stuff but can we accept that
only the poorly educated believe that's
the thing am i right the the people who
are actually more educated have looked
into that question and they know that
the the wage gap is explained by
experience and you know all the normal
things it basically disappears when you
start looking at it now if you're poorly
educated you don't know that do you and
there might be a few of you poorly
educated people who have found your way
onto this periscope by accident because
because maybe you didn't know it was
coming you just thought that it would be
swearing you thought well I'd like to
get in on all this
but first of all is there any is there
any quote fact in the world that has
been more thoroughly debunked than the
28 percent wage gap difference between
men and women it's probably the most
debunked fact maybe in the whole world I
don't know how that's I don't know if
anything's been more debunk than that
but how many people are coming over here
to the to this periscope who are hearing
that for the very first time I'll bet a
lot of you well about a lot of you are
saying what that's not true everybody
knows women are underpaid 28% or
something like that compared to men
that's just the fact because of
discrimination isn't it ah not so much
its effect to the poorly educated
segment of the population and why I say
poorly educated I don't mean that they
didn't go to good schools I don't mean
that they didn't necessarily go to
college or even good colleges what I
mean is that they're stuck in a news
silo and if you were in the news silo on
the Left does that look like left to you
okay if you're in the new cylon the left
you would be unaware that that is the
most debunked a statistic in the history
of statistics can you think of anything
that's more debunked than that is
literally the most debunked fake news of
all time I think I don't know anything
that's been more debunked than that but
there are a few of you who just wandered
down here and just thought for
themselves I'm not sure I believe this
cartoonist idiot because what science is
you looking at because all the science
all the science a hundred percent of it
agrees was what CNN says yeah well if
you only watch CNN and left-leaning news
you would think that was true so
I didn't even expect that that was at
the end of this tweet but I got there
so I would the part I was going to make
fun of is this CNN has found a way to
make the coronavirus a sexist except in
the wrong direction
the coronavirus let me pause for a
moment I feel some swearing coming
because there are some things that just
can't be expressed within it am i right
there are some things you just need some
swearing here would be an example CNN
saying that the corona virus is worse
for women in many ways but did you know
see them that it's killing men
it's killing them they're
 dying dying dead dead
that's a little bit worse than having a
job during the corona virus pandemic
that you love and has meaning and is
helping people yeah it's risky it's very
risky and believe me the entire
civilization is in your debt if you're a
health care worker be you male or female
or whatever you want to be I'm cool with
everything whatever you want to be
society owes you a debt and we feel it
we get it
alright so not minimizing any of that
and if women are the majority of that
yeah they're definitely taking on a big
role not minimizing that and we
appreciate it immensely
but the corona virus is killing
men it's killing men by much
larger numbers than women it's not
really a woman problem it's kind of a
man problem because it's killing
men as opposed to giving them a good
paying job with great meaning that is
good for society and we have great
appreciation for the people doing it
CNN could you become more ridiculous I
don't think so so I put a question out
this morning about hydroxychloroquine
and the question I asked was are there
any countries that are using it in a
widespread manner giving it to people
early at the first symptoms this is a
key part first symptoms and not getting
a good result and so I put that on the
internet and people had some suggestions
but the the only one I heard that's a
maybe but I think this one doesn't fit
either so give do me a fact check on
this will you India so my understanding
the is that India is not doing well in
terms of deaths you know their death
rates high but that they also are a
major producer of hydroxychloroquine and
it is part of their regimen to give it
to people early now I think these facts
are true they make a lot of it they have
a lot of it and that at the moment
they're recommending that you give it to
people early and I think it's also true
that their death rate is relatively high
all those things true here's what I
think might not be true I think they
only just started the hydroxychloroquine
as a recommendation and I would I would
I would imagine that I don't know what
the healthcare situation is in India but
probably there's a big disparity so
here's my question to you you can tell
me on Twitter because I probably won't
see it in the comments is the India
example a clean example because I think
maybe the timing isn't right you know
maybe we wouldn't see it until later or
are they not giving the zinc or what
percentage of people are getting it at
all because just because it's
recommended and just because they have a
lot of it doesn't mean that most people
are getting it right so that part I need
a fact check on so if you have a
different country in which you can point
to where this is the example we're
looking for and let me be clear about
this we're looking for our country
has been widespread giving you know for
a long time been giving
hydroxychloroquine early at first
symptoms that's the important part and
also have a bad result in other words
their death rate is high their their
outcomes are bad so find that for me
find that for me now something
interesting is happening with the
education field now you all know
everybody's y'all y'all know why did I
become did i just become southern like
accidentally well y'all y'all know you
all know that that everybody's talking
about education how will change and it's
too expensive and will be more remote
learning etc but here's the interesting
thing I've been talking about a new
model for you know creating like a
special major and having it more of a
barky a situation where anybody can add
components to the class i've been
talking about that idea for four years
yes I think in public a number of times
I actually at one point I had investors
who were gonna put a lot of money into
it and I was gonna be part of that and
try to build it down several years ago
but I couldn't really get traction
everybody who heard the idea would say
yeah that's pretty good idea but it
wasn't really connecting you know it
wasn't like turning into something that
anybody want to act upon but now when I
put that idea out there as I did in my
recent periscope there's a completely
different acceptance of it and I don't
know if you notice that so it's an idea
that in its fullest forum is existed for
three or four years and I've been
talking about it in public just doesn't
get any purchase and then in the last
few days boom lots of interest now I've
told you that the way you can identify a
good idea from a bad idea is that good
ideas
and good content make people act with
their body not just say in their mind or
in their voice you know say oh that's a
good idea that doesn't mean anything
there are thoughts are meaningless their
words are usually meaningless too
because that's easy
talking is easy but if somebody sits
down to write a long email or message to
me that's quite a commitment and a
number of people did that people who
were course designers people working in
education and people who had some some
other you know visibility on something a
whole bunch of people started writing me
putting their body into it you know
their fingers and their minds and
sitting in a chair for 45 minutes
because these are these were pretty
detailed messages I was getting long
ones so something has changed now we've
talked about Bo coronavirus will change
everything bla bla bla but certainly
it's changing how we think radically I
would say that the way we're thinking
now just about everything
you know the whole ways civilization is
organized we're thinking about it
completely differently now and that
difference is what unlocks the golden
age because until we shook the box and I
guess it was the coronavirus they shook
the box for us until the Box got shaken
all the things that we're sort of
ossified and they've been going like
this forever it just it was too hard to
change them all you seem like just maybe
too big a deal it's there's too much
tradition and inertia and heading the
right the same direction colleges as
colleges or colleges but man when you
shake the box and suddenly you can say
alright let's start from scratch if I
were going to design education from
scratch what would it look like and only
now can that thought get some traction
the thought of just starting over and
just say well let's let's throw out all
the assumptions just start from scratch
what would it look like if you built it
today with the tools that we have today
instead of evolving they're from when we
didn't have in the internet for example
so I feel like these like guys the the
mood is ready for some big big changes
and I'm looking forward to that here's a
here's one of the coolest suggestions
that I've gotten this is from Benjamin
cost Kos T who makes the suggestion to
me on the locals platform so if you
don't know over at locals comm I have a
little space for subscribers in which
they can send me messages more easily
and I promise to read them because
they're paying money to 70 messages and
there's extra content that you won't see
anyplace else
so one of the ideas that Benjamin has I
just love I love the thinking about this
I don't know that it's practical you can
decide for me right make up your own
mind but just think of the creativity of
this and that that's the thing I'm
seeing people thinking everything from
the ground up just look at the
creativity of this so instead of paying
people for plasma which I think you're
going to see a lot of as as people have
recovered are donating their blood
plasma for the antibodies for other
people so we already know there are
gonna be all these plasma collection
centers that I think that's guaranteed
they'll be everywhere and here's a
suggestion instead of paying people for
plasma why not exchange actual health
screening and healthcare for the plasma
and Benjamin was noting that he's he's
donated plasma a number of times I think
for money and each time he donates that
they screen his blood and he listed I
won't list them because it's his medical
situation but he listed a number of
things that they found in his blood
there were markers for something that he
could take care of you know oh you need
a little more iron I guess I could
mention that one that's not too
dangerous need a little more iron well
he didn't know that so then he could go
modify his diet or whatever get a little
more iron and well
while testing your blood doesn't get you
to something like health care they do it
anyway so apparently they're testing
your blood routinely would it would it
be that hard to say all right you don't
have health care that you can afford but
if you donate plasma on a regular basis
we can use it for a variety of things
maybe we're testing your DNA maybe we're
doing some studies we'll do whatever we
want maybe there's some empty body is
you know something so you can use it for
whatever you want in return you get free
health care I thought to myself that
idea I don't think it's fully workable
but don't you love the the creativity
this event because it's an existing
thing so you know it already works they
already do the blood screening and it's
already given at least one person useful
health advice could you expand on that
all right
I just put that out there as the example
of the kind of amazingness that is ahead
of us in the Golden Age I've told you
before that whenever I have a new idea
not this one I'm changing topics now
whenever I have a new idea I always get
two responses and it always makes me
laugh if you're not a creative person by
nature or by trade then you haven't seen
this as much as I have so you've watched
me enough you know how many ideas I
produce most of them are bad but there's
always two responses one of them is that
will never work and here's all the
reasons why I can never work and almost
every time the other response is
somebody's already successfully doing it
if you haven't seen that cycle as many
times as I have it completely changes
your idea of what's possible because
literally everything that people say is
impossible it's almost always being done
somebody's actually doing it so my ideas
are not that original but I don't know
it when I come up with them I just say
well it seems like this would be a good
idea and then you find that it's not
original somebody's already doing here's
the
proofing example approximately I'm not
good with time and dates but I think
about 20 years ago I tried to start a
company with a friend who was an
engineer and I had the idea huh and he
was the engineer and we're gonna build
this thing the idea was a special kind
of a universal remote control that if
you as a homeowner have given permission
to the delivery company they could
program you in and they would they would
be able to open your garage door just to
deliver stuff to your home and then they
could close your garage door now in my
in my assumption there would be video
cameras so that you the homeowner would
be able to see exactly what happened
you know they're not coming in your
garage and stealing your lawnmower
leaving because your video camera is on
all the time this is grudge door opens
so it was a system that would allow that
now 20 years goes by and of course
everybody I told that idea said it won't
work literally everybody I told that
idea to said no Scott privacy security
privacy no way people are going to let
you open their garage door when they're
not hauled
I see people saying that ring does that
which is probably true but I just
noticed that Amazon doesn't it's a
program called key so I have a certain
kind of garage door opener that allows
me to control it by Wi-Fi or through the
internet specifically and my garage door
opener
I just noticed on the app says it works
with Amazon so I can actually tie it to
Amazon and have Amazon not with a
special remote but presumably with an
app open my garage door so somebody says
the Amazon bought ringed oh did they did
Amazon buy ring
well anyway my point is it's another
example of something that everybody told
me couldn't possibly work except it's
already a product and the biggest
company in the world is producing it
here's another good thing coming Robert
Scoble is writing about this the
internet wrote a blog and he says the
Apple is working on lidar glasses lidar
is like a different technology than
radar lidar uses light so it shoots
light and stuff I don't know if it
produces a visible light probably not I
think it's probably non visible light I
don't know too much about it but it
shoots light to things and then it it
measures the reflection or something and
it can determine distance so the idea is
that instead of having your glasses
understand everything about your
environment the lidar would allow it to
look for QR codes and if your store had
enough QR codes on your products on your
shelf you could walk into a store with
your glasses on and have very low power
requirements because it's not doing much
it's just doing lidar the lidar can
reach out it could ping the QR codes and
basically draw a map of the of the room
while you're walking through it and it
could it could produce potentially it
could produce enhanced reality stuff so
things would appear in your glasses to
give you more information about the
product as you looked at it now in
theory says Robert Scoble you could get
to the point where everything is
touchless you could just walk into a
store you could simply look at look at a
product it's information would pop up
and you can say some version of buy it
for me and you wouldn't have to take it
off the shelf maybe you can see a video
and your new glasses of it working you
know instead of picking up the box maybe
you never have to touch it the video
plays in your glasses you say buy it and
you walk out that's it maybe it even
gets shipped to your house perhaps
you've never touched it even once also
I'm sure that point-of-sale buying you
know will probably have something to do
these glasses as well so con
shopping seems like it's coming it's
coming here's something that I just
realized today you know my book had a
failed almost everything and still win
big and I introduced the ideas of
systems better than goals and talent
stacks and managing your energy and
stuff like that I just realized that
those ideas have now been in three
different best-selling books one of them
was mine but now two other books that
are also bestsellers are talking about
them prominently giving me credit which
it which is great of course but they
give me credit but it's now with three
best-selling books and and it's fairly
important parts of three best-selling
books and you know I've always said I
always said that years ago when Dilbert
started working out I always had this
feeling that Dilber would not be how I
was remembered I didn't know what I'd be
remembered for if anything but I didn't
think it would be Dilbert I feel like
Dilbert will end about the same time I
stopped drawing it but the idea of the
talents tact and systems over goals and
managing your energy not your time
appear to be really really sticky like
really really sticky more than I had
even hoped for so the people that are
mentioning mentioned me specifically so
atomic habits for example I learned that
I haven't read the book but I understand
that he mentions systems better than
goals and mentions me as as creator of
that and also tools for Titans Tim
Ferriss book which is a compilation of a
lot of other people's suggestions and
ideas but I wonder how many other
best-selling books that's going to be in
as as just a reference alright
I promised you some swearing this would
be the place that that happens but first
has that you want to identified the mass
graves for all the people who died from
their lupus and malaria of medications
because they must exist right because
we've been told the hydroxychloroquine
especially if he's used recklessly and
not under doctor's orders can have a
deadly deadly consequences and side
effects and given the millions of
millions of millions and millions of
people who have been using it for lupus
and malaria and still do
I would assume there are mass graves are
they hiding them where are they hiding
those mass graves oh that's right it's
all there are no mass
graves no that's always something that
the poorly educated believe in speaking
of the poorly educated I got a tweet
today a few tweets from a gentleman
named David knee worked any iw ERT David
knee work he lists himself as the
following he's an author of a book
called alt America the rise of the
radical right in the age of Trump he's
also a staff writer had bender is for
the Daily Kos and a contributor to the
SPLC Center yes the Southern Poverty Law
Center so that's that's who he is he's
written books about the alt-right being
bad and he works for Daily Kos and the
SPLC and so he tweeted at me so
apparently he singled me out for this
tweet and he tweets that be the story of
the president I'm golfing and there was
something about him taking
hydroxychloroquine and this fine
gentleman David knew Bert tweets this at
me he says hoping that all the Trump
gorging themselves on this stuff beating
hydroxychloroquine feel better now that
they know they've been conned by the con
artist meaning Trump but they'll keep on
rationalizing it hysterically like at
Scott Evans says now I ask you this have
you most of you have been watching me
for a while and I've talked a lot about
hydroxychloroquine would you say that
this is an accurate statement of what
I've been doing rationalizing it
hysterically does that sound like an
accurate description of what I've been
doing because what I've been doing is
telling you that there's no book no more
than a thirty 40 percent chance that it
works at all I've been telling you that
there are zero reliable studies is that
does that sound like hysterically
rationalizing it's when I say often and
clearly there are no credible studies to
support that it works and indeed if I
had to bet I would bet against it does
that sound irrational now because I
understand the concept of risk
management no no I'm not a doctor is
that what you heard did you hear me say
that I was a medical professional let me
say it again
I understand risk management if that
came into your head as he thinks he's a
scientist
maybe there's something wrong with your
head if that came into your head as oh
he's a doctor now cartoonist thinks he's
a doctor
well maybe the problem happens somewhere
in the skull area of your brain
because it's not anything I ever said
I've said if you're working with your
doctor and you think maybe
hydroxychloroquine works we don't know
there's some anecdotal evidence you
think there might be a 10% chance that
makes the difference but the odds of it
killing you are very very very very low
maybe you plus your doctor and your
specific situation might say that the
risk man
mint decision could go the way that the
doctor and his the way the president his
physician went they could be right they
could be wrong yeah and of course
there's the question of whether the zinc
is it is part of the question or not so
so there's somebody who thinks that I
specifically have been rationalizing and
hysterically here's how I interpret that
apparently I'm saying things that don't
agree with him that he doesn't like it
he doesn't know what to do about it and
so I I sort of accused him of being in
the in the portal II educated segment of
the population didn't like that he
didn't like being called poorly educated
because I tried to try to help him a
little bit and he suggested that maybe I
should look to the World Health
Organization because it has quote more
credibility than your sources meaning
you're being me so this is somebody who
is was smart enough to write a book I
mean you have to be pretty smart to
write a book that gets published right
but he's clearly in the poorly educated
segment because his news has failed him
and he actually thought that that
sending this tweet in public would not
embarrass him to think about this what
kind of news is he watching that
he thinks this tweet would not embarrass
him
he says the the World Health
Organization has more credibility than
my sources know the World Health
Organization does not have more
credibility than my sources and my
sources are nothing nothing and
the World Health Organization has less
credibility than my sources which are
 nothing nothing
I not the first public figure who
probably that you heard saying that we
should get a closed travel with China
way before the World Health Organization
did who was right who was right who was
right me me when the World Health
Organization and the Surgeon General and
every expert on earth told you that
masks were bad for you who was probably
the first public figure who said I would
like to say that every health official
in the world is full of
because that's the dumbest thing
I ever heard
obviously masks work you don't have to
be a expert to know that it
stops the droplets it obviously
works who was right was it the
cartoonist or was it the World Health
Organization it was the cartoonist
it was the cartoonist does that make me
a medical expert no it makes me knowing
absolutely nothing about medical stuff
and still far superior to the World
Health Organization on this topic
there's no questioning that these are
public facts they are public facts was I
the person who said that maybe the
corona virus does not spread from person
to person as Luhan was being closed down
that's right
as Wuhan was being closed down the World
Health Organization was saying maybe it
doesn't spread from person to person I
didn't say that
so I think I'm ahead of them on that so
I don't know how you could come up to
the how could you say in in public that
the World Health Organization has more
credibility than my sources which are
zero because all the evidence suggests
the opposite unless you're in the poorly
educated group that doesn't watch all
the news
so I responded with this tweet no you
dumb I don't get my medical advice
from politicians I also don't trust the
World Health Organization which as I
have pointed out has no credibility I do
look at doctors and my view is
consistent with them it is your views
are not on a risk management level so
here is a guy who doesn't even know that
his opinions on this stuff are not
compatible with doctors he doesn't know
that this is like the most the most
talked about topic in the news for three
months and he's so uninformed he thinks
that he should say these things to me in
public and that they would make sense I
just tweeted just before I got on here
an article that you really have to read
now I don't like to recommend so
strongly that you read long-form
articles unless they're really good okay
so trust me on this there was a whole
bunch of very credentialed doctors and
scientists in Brazil who wrote a long
sort of an open letter if you will in
which they asked this question who gets
to speak for science it's a really good
question right because all of these
experts are saying well we're all
experts were all medical doctors we're
all scientists and we collectively the
people who signed this letter think that
the hydroxychloroquine if it's given the
right way not the wrong way which is the
way it's been studied where they
overdosed the patients with deadly
amounts when they're near death anyway
not that way
how about Scott is not a doctor but even
I would have not given incredibly high
doses of a drug that hadn't even been
tested to people near death and and
expect that it's not going to have some
bad outcomes even I wouldn't do that I'm
not a doctor so this
large list of doctors in Brazil are
saying to stop saying that
science says hydroxychloroquine is a bad
idea
stop saying it because we are science
and we're not saying it we're not saying
it works so let me say this clearly
because David Nuart who was
obviously a racist because he's a he
contributes to the SPLC Center I don't
know if you could be a contributor
without being a racist is that even
possible because most of the SPLC stuff
is just just racist nonsense so I'm
assuming he's a racist just because of
this association but I assume he assumes
that about me so and by the way I assume
it just for fun because who knows what's
in other people's heads but the
Association I mean come on if you're
associating with the racist illegitimate
group don't expect me not to think
you're that you're one of them so this
is a really good question when you when
anybody such as David the dumb says
that the I or anyone else is not
compatible with science what does that
exactly mean and as the letter points
out even saying that there's a
misunderstanding of what the science is
because the moment you say science says
something it's like you've also signaled
that you don't understand what science
is it's a lot of people disagreeing and
testing and crawling toward the truth
it's not one opinion science is not an
opinion it's a lot of different people
doing a lot of different stuff alright
and so so this was my first test you
might you might ask yourself why did I
not simply block David knew
worked and the reason I didn't block him
is that I wanted to well had several
purposes one is that I wanted to test
the poorly educated kill
because it's I think it's got a lot of
power because calling people poorly
educated when they think they're the
educated ones I mean that's how they
come into the conversation are the
educated one let me school the ignorant
savages on the other side when they come
into it and you call them poorly
educated and then you back it up you're
poorly educated here's the fact you
don't know you're poorly educated here's
another fact you don't know you're
poorly educated - have you noticed I
know all the facts that you know but you
don't know all the facts that I know
what does that make you poorly educated
poorly educated now your college might
have been fine but you're obviously
watching bad news sources so or
incomplete let's say incomplete
so I wanted to test that kill shot but
also I think it's instructive as a
warning to others it's a warning to
others so doing it publicly instead of
just blocking them so I don't have to
deal with them yeah it sort of puts it's
like putting a head on a post you know
it's like maybe you don't want to come
into this you know maybe you don't want
to trespass on this property because
this property has a severed head on a
post if you see the severed head of the
post you might think I don't want to go
into that property so part of it is a
you know a warning to others but did you
notice if you look at the exchange and
something you might go back and look at
it if you haven't seen it I made a claim
a while ago that if somebody
misinterprets you on social media or
anywhere else if they misinterpret you
and then they criticize their own
misinterpretation what I used to think
would work is correcting their
impression of my opinion but over 63
years of life I finally have to give up
and say that has never worked once not
once not one single time has somebody
ever misinterpreted my opinion
criticized the misinterpretation and
then when I came and said oh that's not
my opinion
this is actually my opinion not once in
my whole life is anyone then said oh
okay I guess I read that wrong doesn't
happen what do they do they change to
another misperception of your idea or it
gets even worse they accuse you of not
knowing your own opinion and say that
they know your opinion better than you
know your opinion because they they
misread something once he just goes
crazy so you can see it in this one
where I I corrected him so first of all
he didn't know that I'm not alright I'm
left to Bernie so his first starting
assumption is wrong he didn't know that
my public assumption on hydroxyl Clark
Clark queen is that it probably doesn't
work I've said that many times in public
he doesn't know that I've said there are
zero studies that are credible wouldn't
it be great if we had some there's some
anecdotal stuff and maybe the risk
management says that give it a try but I
don't think I could be more perfectly
perfectly compatible with the doctors my
opinion is somebody says Flynn was not
unmasked your writers are crazy I don't
know if that let me just change the
topic there because that diverted me are
the people on the right crazy because
they found out that oh I actually maybe
that was sarcasm nevermind I was gonna
criticize it but I just realized it was
sarcasm
yeah Flynn was spied on the details
don't really matter that much do they
all right sorry it took me to a minute
to catch up to the fact that that was
sarcasm somebody says we're trying to
ignore the left of Bernie part let let
me let me give you all a compliment if I
may and this is a sincere compliment
it's also a sincere appreciation of you
I am completely aware
that at least 90% of my main audience
doesn't agree with me on some of the
most basic things but I totally respect
and appreciate the fact that you let me
do this the fact that you let me give my
reasons you know you let me live my you
know my version of what I think is right
I don't have to hide it from you and I
say this about the right all the time
the right is way more open-minded than
the left it's not even close and you
know the common view is the opposite and
the thing that people get wrong is that
for the right you just have to hit the
basic basis do you love your
Constitution yes yes hundred percent
give me some constitution we're all wait
we got to play by the same rules
do you like the rule of law yes yes I
mean lots of mistakes and flaws but it's
a pretty good system yes of course of
course I like it do I respect all of
your opinions yes totally even the ones
I disagree with completely respect them
now if I like your constitution and I
respect your opinions and the rule of
law and and I'm big on being an American
what do conservatives say about me I I
can tell you that I don't believe in God
which I tell you all the time but as
long as I have full respect for your
belief system which I do I think
religion is far more positive than
negative it's like any tool you can
misuse it but used properly it's an
amazing thing and helps people in their
life I'm all for it but do you judge me
do you judge me for not being a believer
not really I mean if you're doing it
privately it's just in your own mind
I've had zero people just think about
this think about think about if I were
to go over to the left and say anything
out of the ordinary
anything that wasn't their belief I
would be canceled
about like a hot second for just having
a different opinion on the left but I
could go over the right and say the most
basic disagreeing that you could ever
think of which as you know I don't
believe in God
does anybody care
no because Constitution because freedom
because freedom of speech freedom of
thought as long as I'm respectful boom
you're fine right as long as I respect
you it just comes back it's that simple
so that that's something that the left
completely misses about the right is how
phenomenally open-minded they are as
long as you hit the basis if you don't
hit the basis you got a big trouble
right like you I could be I could be
anti-gun I'm not but I could be and
you'd still watch this as long as I
showed my work as long as I respected
your opinion and as long as we both
agreed that the Constitution says that
you can have a gun right I think
everybody would be ok with that as long
as I as long as I was you know not
trying to fool you or a con you were and
it was just my opinion you'd be fine
with that so and this is so not true on
the Left I mean it's not even a little
bit true so it's weird that I could find
more of a home over a year because
you're more open-minded so that's a
compliment to you I think you deserve it
and I'm going to end here on that
positive thought I saw that there are 10
vaccines being tested 10 vaccines being
tested yeah somebody's talking about my
abortion stance which is basically that
I should stay out of it yeah I think you
even respect that somebody says the Pope
ad is disrespectful now you know I think
you have to look at the intention
there's no such thing as a disrespectful
hat
all right I hacked can't be
disrespectful it's all about what I mean
when I put it on when I put it on it's
just for fun it's not disrespecting
anybody yeah I would not want you to
take it that way all right
that's that's it for now and I will talk
to you in the morning you know where