well let's try this we're gonna try it
without a microphone and this is coming
to you from my phone
so neither of my iPads is working for
reasons that are mysterious and neither
of my microphones work so I've got two
iPads and two different microphones and
no combination of them work together so
so so far my phone has worked most of
the time so this'll at least tell us if
the problem is the iPad or the or the
service all right let's talk about a few
things i since i'm expecting this
periscope will not work i'll just jump
into a few things and see how far we get
before it before it fails you know i've
been trying to popularize the word wence
which is a combination of wall and fence
but I've decided that whence is a little
too clever it's not sticky enough and we
could do better if what we're trying to
do is come up with a name that will make
everybody happy that you know the trick
here is that the Republicans need to
think they got a wall and the Democrats
need to think it's a fence and the steel
slat structure conveniently makes the
case for both of those it's sort of a
fence that looks like oh all sort of but
I think the better name would be the
fence wall fence - wall fence wall
here's why correct me if I'm wrong but
President Trump has correctly identified
that the real problem is President Trump
in other words it's personal
so when the Democrats are rejecting his
border structure they're not really
rejecting border security that's the
that's the
impact of it the outcome is that it
rejects border security but that's not
the purpose Nancy Pelosi has made it
very clear that the wall equals the
president's penis I'm not even joking
Nancy Pelosi has very clearly made it
made it her her argument that the wall
is the president's penis and she doesn't
want to support the president's penis so
it doesn't matter that she also wants
border security she just can't support
this president's penis because it's
personal
so the president quite rightly has tried
to de personalize it and by the way let
me give credit where credit is due
Nancy Pelosi had a really good line
that's consistent with her philosophy
that this is about the president's penis
she doesn't use those words but she was
mocking him for backing down from a
solid structure and she said the other
day well the first he wanted this all
concrete wall its concrete everywhere
and now he wants to do some kind of a
steel structure and what's next a beaded
curtain all right now you have to say
forget about the politics the technique
was really good so that was Nancy Pelosi
aligned that the president was backing
down from a concrete structure to some
kind of a steel wall and what's next a
beaded curtain now what is what does
beaded curtain have in common with her
other attacks on the president she is
basically trying to de masculine do you
mask you know late emasculate him she's
trying to evacuate him so she's turned
it into a manhood question oh you're
gonna have a wall you're you know that's
that's really just your manhood at stake
here
and then if you don't get you all you're
getting a beaded curtain so she's
basically mocking his man
because this has never been about border
security right nobody really thinks this
is about border security anymore do they
it's so clearly going beyond everybody
agreeing that border security is
important everybody's already agreed
this some might be a little Wallisch and
some might be a little fence ish and
some might be drones or whatnot so
there's no real point of disagreement
except that they can't let President
Trump win so here's my suggestion
instead of calling it a fence or a wall
call it a fence wall fence - wall you
put a fence first and you put the actual
word in there whence was cute but didn't
really have the benefits of fence wall
I'll bet you can't say fence wall
without wanting to say it again defense
wall fence wall it's pretty stinky all
right there was an amusing story this
used to be running only on Fox News let
me make sure before I say that I might
be wrong about this yes I don't see it
on CNN so the biggest story on Fox News
doesn't even exist on on CNN and it's
about billionaire co-founder of LinkedIn
Reed Hoffman apparently donated seven
something million dollars to Democrats
during the 2016 election and one of the
organizations he donated to unbeknownst
to him he didn't know exactly what
everybody was doing because you know
when you're doing any of that much money
and you donate to a bunch of different
organizations you don't really know
everything those organizations are doing
and one of those organizations quite
awkwardly was trying to influence the
Alabama race with Doug Jones and Roy
Moore by they had a false flag online
operation in which they were pretending
to be Russians influencing the election
so they were trying to make it look as
if the Russian
were behind the Republicans in the
Alabama election now I don't know if
there was enough influence to change the
election but how awkward is it that
Democrats ran a fake Russian online
operation just at the time when
Republicans are blaming Democrats for
maybe making up this whole Russian
collusion story so it turns out that
making up Russia collusion stories is
something Democrats do so here's the
question you no longer have to wonder if
it's true or is it not true do
Democratic operatives pretend to be
Russians yes yeah it's kind of awkward
isn't it it's kind of awkward because
before you thought to yourself well I'll
tell you one thing that never happens
you know at least one thing we know
doesn't happen is that the Democrats are
not just pretending to be Russians and
pretending to collude that doesn't
happen well well it happened now the
question of whether it also happened
during the presidential election we
don't have any evidence of that right so
I'm not aware of any evidence that would
suggest Democrats were behind it but
especially with the hacking stuff there
there have been lots of I would say
credible speculation credible
speculation means doesn't mean it's true
it just means it's quite believable
based on what we know and there is
credible speculation that even the
Russians hacking of the DNC might have
been a false flag and wasn't Russian at
all so just when the Democrats would not
want you to believe there is any such
thing as fake Russian collusion we have
proof of fake Russian collusion in the
Alabama race that doesn't mean it
happened in the National race but is
very awkward in terms of how it looks
and the persuasion of it all now let's
talk about the YouTube visit president
Trump cleverly visited the troops the
day after Christmas he was a big hit
got lots of video clips of the troops
cheering and enthusiastic and all those
things which the anti-trump er say can't
happen so it was from a PR perspective
for the president it was a really really
good move here's the funny part on Fox
News it was reported that the president
can really keep a secret or his team can
and that nobody knew nobody knew he was
going to Iraq that's how it was so it
was a big well-kept secret and there
were no leaks so that's how it was
reported on Fox News at the same time I
was at Politico or a fox I forget one of
the anti-trump news organizations they
were they were reporting that it was the
worst kept secret ever completely
different completely opposite words and
their argument was not not about the
leaks I don't think they reported any
leaks but that the there were so many
clues that it was going to happen that
people knew what was happening and
apparently there are people around the
world now amateurs who track playing
tail numbers and they know if Air Force
One the one that goes overseas they know
whether that's an action they knew that
the president stopped tweeting they they
knew that he had said he what might go
so apparently there were all these clues
that made some some number of amateur
sleuths know for sure he was on his way
so completely about opposite news one
well-kept secret the other high
everybody knew he had left so many clues
it was obvious even amateurs thinking to
do there's YouTube movies on one screen
let's talk about the stock market
so the other day we had an historic drop
in the market historic there's always a
some kind of a record to be broken and
so the stock market went down and tongue
and everybody said oh my god and it's
the end of the world what I said was
might be a good time to buy stocks now I
advise you never ever ever ever take
financial advice from a cartoonist never
ever ever ever do not take financial
advice from cartoonists but I did tell
you that I was a big buyer on the dip so
I went in pretty heavy as a buyer and
then the market went up a whole bunch
yesterday you should expect that it
should go down today not a lot but I'll
probably you'll probably pull back a
little from what I did yesterday that
would all be normal now there are a few
things you need to know about the end of
the year the last quarter tends to get
you know frothy as people are doing
things for tax reasons etc but that
final week the Christmas week is a
special week because there aren't many
people trading at all so I haven't seen
the news on this but I would guess that
the trading volume is low if you don't
follow the market that doesn't mean
anything to you but here's what it
should mean when the trading market is
low meaning there are just not many
people trading because everybody's a way
out of Christmas it doesn't take as many
people to totally move the market
because if let's say instead of millions
of people are buying things
I'll just simplify it you there were
only five people left in town who even
cared about the stocks so this is just a
wild example so instead of tens of
millions of people buying stocks every
day is Christmas let's say there's just
five people in the whole world who even
care well if those five people have more
buyers than may have sellers the price
of the market will zoom up because
there's so much more demand than there
is supply nobody is around to sell any
stocks so the people who want to buy it
are gonna have to bid up the price to
get some
to sell it in an efficient market where
there are millions of people things tend
to be more stable but as soon as that
big number becomes a small number you
can get a it can get Wilder I believe
that you would you if you fact check
that I think that's right so the point
of it is Christmas week you should
naturally see lots of volatility if you
also have headlines you probably also
need some news events to drive things
but let me ask you something what is
different well you know in terms of big
economic news what was different the day
that the stock market went down a lot
versus the day I went up a lot what was
different what big economic change
happened in two days well Trump said it
was a good time to buy but so nigh there
are two there are two people who said it
was a good time to buy I'm one of them
but do you think that's why it went up
because I'll bet before the end of the
week we'll have another down day do you
think it'll go down further for any
economic reason none of this stuff has
anything to do with economics it's just
bouncing around because people's
people's psychology is bouncing around
so it's smaller volume and people are a
little bit crazier than normal so it's
just completely normal that it's
bouncing around it doesn't it doesn't
mean anything about anything it's down
500 today means absolutely nothing well
I'll tell you what it does mean when
that when the market took a sharp obtain
yesterday I said to myself oh crap
because I was planning to buy some more
and I thought man at least I get I got
in toward the bottom but I was hoping
you would stay low for a little longer
I wanted to make some more decisions but
now it's back it's back down again so I
will almost certainly be a buyer again
today after I get off of this but don't
take my advice do not take my
nice about this stuff the things to
watch in terms of wondering if the
market is going to go down forever is
unemployment that tends to be really the
if you're gonna watch one thing you want
to watch unemployment if you're gonna
watch one thing for the stock market
probably the Fed now online I'm getting
I'm getting any question from you know
one of my critics you know what one of
the problems with being right as much as
I am if you've been watching me for a
while you know that I've been
extraordinarily right about political
predictions as etc maybe more than
anybody has ever been right I don't know
how to measure such a thing but I'd
certainly be in the top 10 percent of
people who have ever been right about
political predictions and so when people
think I might be wrong about something
they pile into Twitter and they say they
say Dale like things oh I can't wait to
say what Scoville says when he twists
himself into a pretzel and tries to
explain this Oh Scott explain this
explain this now trying to explain this
Nancy so the Dale's come after me and
they tell me it's playing live now I
don't you know if it's on Twitter I
don't have time to give the full context
but the full context looks like this I'm
not the guy who needs to explain
everything I didn't really sign up for
the job of explaining everything I
explained two things that are
interesting and maybe I have a you know
unique take on them it really isn't my
job to explain absolutely everything so
I don't accept that as my obligation but
every now and then one of the Dale's
will ask a perfectly good question I
think it's accidental it's probably
someone
those random chance sort of things but
today somebody did one and somebody said
the president is criticizing the Fed
chief but the President had the option
of keeping Janet Yellen who was more
dovish about interest rates wouldn't
that have been a better decision so
isn't it obviously true that the
president made a mistake by replacing
Janet Yellen who may have been more
inclined to keep the interest rates low
to which I say well that's a really good
point in a world with one variable if
the only variable in the world was that
Janet Yellen was a little softer on
interest rates and the guy he appointed
was a little more hard to us on it if we
even knew that I don't know I don't even
know if we knew that but if that was the
only variable in the world yeah that
would that would be a bad hiring
decision if there were no other
variables but here's the other context
the the first context is that we don't
know what Janet Yellen would have done
so if Janet Yellen had been in charge
would she have raised interest rates
don't know so we don't really have
anything to compare it to because she
would have been reacting to the same
economic you know impact that Paola's
the other thing we don't know or the
years the other context as I often say
and I've often said about this president
hiring is mostly guessing firing is the
skill when you hire somebody you're
looking at somebody who has never done
the job you're hiring for right Powell
has never been the Fed chief and before
that Janet Yellen had never been the the
Fed chief until she was when you hire
somebody for a job they have never
done before you're guessing so the job
of hiring for the government is almost
entirely guessing from people who are
qualified enough to be in the
conversation but beyond that it's kind
of guessing the skill is firing are you
willing to fire somebody who is as
popular as you know somebody like
general mattis now mattis actually quit
but I think he was kind of kind of
forced out if you know what I mean
I think Matt is knew that if he didn't
quit maybe he was in trouble but the but
the the point is firing takes skill
because you have to know to do it
quickly and efficiently you want to you
want to not wait around for things to
change so the president is pretty good
at firing is he also good at hiring we
have no way to know because hiring is
just guessing and and the president this
particular president has a smaller pool
of applicants than most presidents
because he's been so vilified by the
press and the other side they even you
know even though zone team doesn't want
to be on his team
meaning the Republicans so he does have
a natural disadvantage because he
doesn't get to hire from the same pool
as another president might so we're
going into the new year did you notice
that all of the legal risk for the
president just sort of disappeared from
the headlines for a week didn't really
go away just it was boring and nobody
wanted to talk about it and nothing was
really happening so let me give you my
prediction for 2019 my prediction is
there will be no impeachment there will
certainly be talk about it and maybe the
house will you know dick around with a
little bit but there will be no
impeachment of the president
in 2019 or 2020 there will be no
impeachment that is my prediction what
likewise I predict that the president
will not be in any big legal jeopardy
although it will sound like it if you
listen to MSNBC and if you listen to CNN
for most of this year and next they will
be talking about how any minute
Oh any minute now any minute now this
president is going to be all obese but
here's the thing if President Trump
doesn't get impeached in the first six
months of 2019 is it going to be kind of
too late because if you get into you
know the end of 2019 and they haven't
impeached him all the smart people are
going to say he's only got a year left
let's just beat him in the election so
it's not going to make a ton of sense to
impeach him for things that probably
won't even be real let's say don't give
a Pinocchio nose like your leaders and
somebody says in all caps well I'm glad
we got the dáil to come in and type in
all caps and say Scott don't give a
Pinocchio nose like your leader don't
get a Pinocchio nose Thank You Dale for
coming in and screaming at me in all
caps something that makes no sense at
all I appreciate you coming in for comic
relief all right um Scott is still bald
though well thank you for pointing that
out
I appreciate that you come into my
periscopes to point out my physical my
physical disadvantages appreciate it
thanks for stopping by Merry Christmas
yeah I think that Russian collusion will
be a big disappointment to people you're
not gonna get the Russian collusion that
you're hoping for
well I hope all of you got my book by
the way did you notice I tweeted out
that my book wind begley the paperback
version that's recently out so the
paperback version was a way for this the
most the most requested book on Amazon
do you realize how big a deal that is
was it most requested I think that was
the title most most pre-ordered or most
requested now imagine how many books
there are on the Amazon do you have any
idea how many books there are on Amazon
a lot of books and there are a lot of
new books as well so any given a week a
ton of new books and mine was the most
requested new book on all of Amazon for
the week of Christmas thank you thank
you thank you now I would like to give a
shout out given that my book win big Lee
is the most requested book on all of
Amazon this past week I would like to
give a special message to the haters and
the losers who told me in 2015 and every
day since then Scott and now I would
like to ask Dale to come in to complete
this sentence they said to me Scott
stick to Jordan comics stick to drawing
comics you don't know what you're
talking about
stick to drawing comics and see stick to
drawing comics the most looser ish
advice that anybody ever gave courtesy
of Dale because you know what do you
know where my life would be if I took
looser advice stick to your day job well
I wouldn't be talking to you now
I wouldn't be a cartoonist I would not
have best-selling books I would not have
been one of the highest paid speaker in
the world not at the moment but I'm off
the speaking circuit at the moment well
almost everything I've ever done fell
into the category of I shouldn't be
doing it because some loser told me I
shouldn't I should stick to my day job
so I'll tell you it's one thing let me
let me put this in context if a person
is thinking about themselves and they
say to themselves hey maybe I should
stick to my day job and not try this new
thing well that would be a loser
philosophy wouldn't you say it's a loser
philosophy to not try but if you take
that loser philosophy that you've
applied to your own life and then you go
online and you seek out somebody who has
a track record of leaving his box of
succeeding and you tell that third party
that you don't even know personally that
they should get in their box and that
they should not try because you're such
a loser that you're not trying that my
friends is double losing that is loser
squared it's one thing to be a loser
with your own philosophy and it only
affects you but if you if you decide
that not only are you such a loser that
you're not going to get out of your box
yourself but you want to go stop other
people from getting outside of their box
by mocking them back into it you sir are
a double loser loser times 2 or losers
squared if we want to take it up a level
yeah my book gods debris if you haven't
seen that one it was 2001 book God's
debris is one of the most impactful
books that people have ever read I mean
one of the most most common comments I
got it I get about that book it's
fiction by the way is that it blew
people away is the best book they've
ever read what I have written a book
religious philosophy if if I had stayed
in my box and kept my day job and
there's almost nothing I've done in my
adult life that would that would have
been good if I'd stayed in my box it's
such bad a bad bad bad bad philosophy of
life all right you can try to get a wife
all men need a wife somebody says here
on comments well thank you for that
advice
I'm just looking at your comments all
right yesterday I was taking calls on
the interface by a win hub app if you're
not familiar with that that's my start
up as an app in which you can be an
expert or or call an expert for an
immediate video call or you can schedule
it so we've added scheduling to the app
so you can schedule a call with any of
the experts on it and the scheduling
tool is making a big difference so we're
getting a lot more signups because the
scheduling a lot more connected calls so
that's all working well but yesterday I
was taking calls as an expert and I was
giving people virtual autographs I don't
know if you caught that but people were
calling me yesterday on the app and I
was using my whiteboard which I'll show
you get ready
so can't see it too clearly but I had
some artwork there you know autograph
and I was just filling in people's names
so that they could take a screenshot so
everybody who took a screenshot got a an
autograph that was customized to them
and and so those those conversations
just happened within the app so that was
on the interface by one hub app so if
you know anybody who is a celebrity and
wants to connect with fans they can
either charge or not charge the app lets
you do as much or as little charging as
you want to but it was really fun too I
got to meet a number of people that I
only interact with on Twitter so it was
actually a really it was like this weird
virtual reunion of people that I had
known a long time but I've never met so
the people I've been interacting with
for three years on Twitter suddenly
showed up live on the video through the
app and and it was it was very cool yeah
it's it's interface by when hub is the
name of the app and we will be adding
some doctors pretty soon and I talked to
a lawyer yesterday who's going on for
some family practice stuff and lots of
experts going on for all kinds of stuff
if you go on there the my advice to you
would be the more specific your
expertise probably the better your
chances the the general experts that say
I'm a marketing expert or engineering
it's probably a little too generic
so you want to say something pretty
specific to get people were they
different than you imagined the experts
I don't know that I have a specific idea
for that
all right so just looking at your
comments can you discuss two shogi and
the Washington Post is there something
new about Chu shogi and the Washington
Post because we've talked about him
quite a bit let's talk let's talk about
Israel and Syria so if the United States
pulls out of Syria there's some there's
some conversation that it might give
Israel more of a more of a free punch
sorry against Hezbollah so in other
words Israel might go hard militarily
against any Iranian supported troops
that are still in Syria and it could be
that our our engagement there is
actually keeping from Israel from doing
all that they would might want to do so
I think what you're going to see is that
the US will step out and that the only
thing that could protect the Iranian
backed forces in Syria are if Russia
wanted the Iranians to have more control
in Syria because if Israel and Russia
and Turkey and Saudi Arabia and anybody
else who's got forces if all of them are
against the Iranian backed forces or at
least not helping them it's gonna be
tough for Iran to keep any kind of a
footprint there so it seems to me that
everything that you're seeing in the
Middle East is either directly or
indirectly related to squeezing Iran and
that's probably the way to look at it
look at every event that's happened
recently and every event that you think
might happen and say how does that
squeeze Iran and if it does then
everything makes sense in context
there's only one game over there right
now which is squeeze Iran until they
fold and the beauty is you can squeeze
as long as you want you know
because time is on time is not honor and
side all right
yeah Israel and Russia seem to get along
so I've got a feeling that Syria being
in Russian hands is not going to be the
problem for for Israel
so apparently Putin Putin is all happy
because Russia tested some kind of super
super sonic or some kind of a space
missile that they can shoot up into
space and then it's impossible to
intercept so now Russia has an
impossible to intercept nuclear
deterrent hypersonic missile and
thinking to myself I don't know if that
really changes anything they seem to
indicate that it's a response to the
missile defense that we helped put in
close to their borders I don't know if
that's true but I'm gonna say something
I've said before I'll say again the
three countries there should be allies
are the United States Russia and China
at least militarily because those three
countries will never attack each other
and all we're gonna have is these
endless little proxy wars that just
don't help anybody
all this cyber stuff we do against each
other all of the little poking and
prodding and dirty tricks why why we are
not natural enemies let me tell you what
a natural enemy looks like in the Middle
East there are people with radically
different religions and some of those
religions say that they should kill the
other religion and they share a border
and they have disputed territory now you
put all of that together and then
there's economics on top of that and bad
history
everything those people have a reason to
be enemies now you could argue they
shouldn't have a reason they ought to
change it etc but the fact is that in
the Middle East there are natural
enemies that that they have differences
that are real but if you look at the
United States and Russia and China even
we don't really have real natural enemy
reasons we don't share a border with
Russia or China there is no there's no
possibility that anybody could win in a
war and we have a common enemy which is
radical Islam right now China might look
at it a little differently but we don't
really have a reason to be enemies it's
some kind of weird historical
psychological evolution that got us to
where we are that we just don't need to
be there and I'd I don't know if the
problem is that nobody can go first
because if you imagine let's say the
United States said hey we've just
decided that yeah you know us poking
Russia and Russia poking us back doesn't
help us so we'll just stop doing it it
probably wouldn't stop Russia if we just
if we just stopped doing every
aggressive cyber thing if we just
stopped spying if we just stopped poking
them in all the ways we could poke them
if we just stopped with the sanctions it
probably wouldn't change anything they
would probably just keep doing
everything to us
because they've got they have their own
deep stage right I don't think Putin has
the total control that people say
because any big organization there are
lots of complexities so I think Russia
would just keep poking us because that's
their job there are people whose job it
is to poke the United States so unless
they were all simultaneously fired which
wouldn't happen that we couldn't even
stop it on our end and how
that that would stop it on their end and
I think it would work the same way if
tomorrow if tomorrow Russia just stopped
every aggressive cyber thing every bad
thing that they do the United States if
they just stopped it all
we wouldn't stop poking them wouldn't we
because we've got this big built up
machine you know that's sort of embedded
into our government whose jobs it is to
poke Russia so I don't know how you stop
because we're both sort of committed to
this inertia that is now completely
divorced from reasons let me put it this
way do you think that Putin believes
that continually screwing the United
States and our allies is the best thing
that he could be doing compared to
trading with the allies and and having
full security and his economy zooming
you know which of those two worlds would
Putin prefer I think it's obvious Putin
would take better security and a better
economy if it were available but it's
not because we're poking them they're
poking us and nobody can stop first and
if somebody did stop first it wouldn't
stop the other one because we're both on
we both building machinery that will go
on to poke each other independent of if
there's ever a reason if there could be
one enormous gigantic improvement in the
world it would look like this the US
Russia and China making a military
alliance maybe not like a traditional
military alliance where you agree to
fight each other's wars or something
like that but something where we just
acknowledge that the three countries
have gone beyond the level where it's
rational to be enemies it is not
rational to be an enemy with somebody
who can kick your ass it is rational to
have enemies that you could potentially
defeat
if there's somebody stronger than you or
strong enough to destroy you in a
nuclear flash those are the people you
should be trying hard to be friends with
because there's no the alternative is
irrational but like everybody else in
the world it's easy to say this stuff
there's I just don't have to get there
except to say that it's probably a
psychological problem and not a physical
one because we are not natural enemies
now if I had to suggest one way to get
to a better place with Russia and China
it would be that framing so I would
start framing it that way you could say
there are natural enemies in the world
people who share borders people who have
wildly different religions that are in
conflict they're natural enemies
we don't share a border with Russia or
China and we don't have an ideology
that's really counter to theirs and vice
versa there's nothing that the Russians
need in the future or China needs in the
future that requires the United States
to be destroyed so if we could figure
out how the three of us could thrive and
and team up against any less a smaller
terrorist kind of movements that would
be the ideal the ideal Golden Age
scenario but I think you have to start
talking about it that way before it can
become real so it's probably going to
take twenty years of saying by the way
we're natural friends not natural
enemies which is true we are natural
friends which I know and at Russia we're
just not acting like it all right I'm
just looking at your comments yeah I
understand all of the little Magnitsky
and Browder problems and all that stuff
there are lots and lots of little
that we have with both countries but
none of them should get in the way
because nobody is really benefiting from
any of these problems the new
triumvirate yeah watch Oliver Stone's
Ukraine on fire actually I will I will
look for that now I don't doubt that
Putin has ambitions to dominate his
neighbors but you have to ask yourself
how much of that is reaction to our
missiles and our offensive posture how
much of that is because he needs I don't
know how much of what he does is because
he needs pipelines and warm weather
ports and stuff like that can an
unlimited number of people live on earth
well we're probably nowhere near the
limit of people we can put on the earth
but when people become economically
prosperous they stop having as many
children we have learned and so in all
likelihood if you improve the the
economics of the poorest people they
will have fewer children not more so
it's sort of a self-correcting problem
leaders benefit from having enemies yes
but we could have common enemies what
are you thoughts on the Kevin Spacey
video I tried to watch it but it was too
creepy and I only got five seconds into
it and I just didn't want to have
anything to do with Kevin Spacey any
more predictions for 2019
well prediction that the Muller thing
will not produce any impeachment what
else would you like predicted for 2019
is there anything else you want to know
oh I would say the odds let's see what
are the odds well I don't want to make a
prediction about Ruth Bader Ginsburg
because that depends on her health so
I'm gonna be silent on Ruth Bader
Ginsburg because I don't want to be
betting against anybody's health yeah so
nothing on RGB stocks will end of the
year higher so 2019 will be an up year
for stocks I don't know how much but
it'll be up North Korea will make
significant progress now North Korea
remember that this is a long-term
process if it takes 20 years for North
Korea to work out the nukes and to you
know get some degree of reunification
that's fine because we're already not a
target and we're heading in the right
direction so as long as your progress is
in the right direction you don't really
have to hurry Bitcoin is thoroughly
unpredictable there's no way didn't know
anything about Bitcoin so Alexandria
Octavia Cortes I think people have
figured out that she is the real deal at
this point and buy the real deal I mean
that she has persuasion game like Trump
just on the other side so even the
people who would understand their
policies are not let's say refined or
even coherent would also recognize that
that might not matter and she would not
be the first person whose policies were
not a plus who did just fine anyway so I
still want an answer to my question of
why we can't try one state as the test
for free education and free free health
care if it doesn't work in one state
could we hope that it would ever work
nationally because I know that there
would be some economies of scale and
stuff but if it's a state I mean the
state is a big enough entity isn't it
you know couldn't you test it everything
you needed to test in one state so
instead of saying yes or no on universal
health care why not say this if one
state wants to try it and they want to
absorb the risk of you know whatever
running up of their deficit etc if one
state wants to try it
the federal government should approve it
or at least you know support it's not a
question of approving it but if I were
President Trump I would say hey if you
think that's a good idea try it in one
state now let's see what happens
see you see if you can wall it off and
make it not infect in the other state
and then let's just run it for two years
see how it goes do I review comments
after the periscope ends generally not
but in some cases yes which state should
try well the beauty is that's up to the
states if if you're the federal
government let's say you're President
Trump you don't need to argue whether
socialized medicine is good or bad you
should instead argue that something like
that could be tested and unless there's
at least one state given given that
there are lots of blue states if you
can't get one state to test it and to
keep it within the state so it doesn't
affect you know other taxpayers why
should the federal government be serious
about something that no state even wants
to do so I there may be some context and
some facts that I'm not aware of that
makes that a bad idea
Venezuela already tested that idea now
they didn't you know any comparison to
Venezuela is just silly that because
there there's only one Venezuela
you can't take too much of a lesson out
of what's happening there
test in one city yeah a city you might
not be big enough because you need to be
at least a large enough entity that you
can negotiate for prices if you have
some some buying power so I don't know
how big that needs to be maybe some
economists can tell us because it could
be that a big city is enough if it's New
York City of course it would be enough
Massachusetts
maybe I don't know how close they are to
that kind of situation already will we
get a wall we will get a fence wall so
in 2019 there will be serious
construction on a fence wall all they
need to do to settle this funding for
the fence wall is is the following to
say we want to give it a budget a
starter budget whether that's 3 billion
or 5 billion I wouldn't know and you say
let's turn it over the engineers will
let the engineers decide you know what
it looks like we're and then we'll
reassess after we build it for a year so
imagine if President Trump said all
right here's the deal
we're gonna we need our five billion
let's say they might negotiate it down
to you know three point five or
something just to act like they did
something well we'll say let's get our
starter budget we'll turn it over to the
engineers we'll let the engineers decide
what they're putting where we are within
our specifications so part of the
specifications might be that you need to
be able to see through it which kind of
gets rid of concrete you know it's
harder to build a concrete structure
that you can see through than it is the
the steel slat thing so you should take
Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer and
President Trump out of the engineering
decisions the first one of the three who
says that is the winner because that's
the high ground once you get the high
ground the conversations over so if you
plop me into that conversation I say why
are politicians making
engineering decisions let's approve a
starter budget let's turn it over the
engineers let's have them build
something for a year and let's reassess
we should reassess this every year why
are we even talking about funding the
entire structure we should reassess it
every year let's see what the engineers
can do let's see if what they do makes a
difference let's test is small all right
you say that and the conversation is
over
and if you call it a fence wall then
you've given the Democrats enough of an
ego come down that they might accept it
because remember the the Democrats don't
want good policy you know I realize I do
realize how partisan this sounds but I
don't think this is an exaggeration at
this point the Democrats are not
concerned with policy or budget when it
comes to the fence wall they are
concerned about revenge or making the
president look bad or something personal
so the president has stepped down from
the ego the ego position the ego
position is it's going to be a trump
wall and it's going to be the you know
the huge wall in you know much of the
border all right that's the ego position
Trump has stepped down from the ego
position he's now at you could call it a
fence you could call it a wall we want
border security call it whatever you
like so he's already gone out of the
position that they couldn't stand it's
sort of up to them there is one word
that he needs to utter to finish this
off tell me what is the one word
literally one word the President Trump
can say in a tweet or out loud that
would end that would end the fence wall
fence wall no I mean that would be a
helpful one by yes to say it's personal
close
so maybe there are three things that are
important one is to call it a fence wall
and he's sort of already there so I'd
say that part's essentially done the
others to say don't make your personal
he's also said that in him you know work
engineer somebody got it the one word
the ends the fence wall funding problem
is the word engineer the moment you say
politicians should not be making the
detailed decision were about the budget
and the specifications let's turn it
over to the engineers if you say
engineer you got your funding that is my
prediction and so I will leave it there
and I think we've done enough for today
please enjoy your day talk to you later