hey everybody I thought I would give a
quick lesson on how to use the app
interface by whenhub to make some money
most of you know I am co-founder of the
company that makes this app it's
called interface by wi Hub it is
available in both the Apple Store and
the Android store you could download it
today and you could also use it in your
browser as long as you know how to uh
how to load an app in your browser if
you go to w
hub.com it'll take you right to the site
where you could use the app in your
browser once you've downloaded the app
um for the browser which I'll tell you
about in a moment so I wanted to give
you some tips on not just how to find it
and how to use it but how to actually
you know turn it into money and I I see
a number of things that people are doing
suboptimally and I thought I would just
call them out all right so the basic
idea is that the app
does two things it lets you be an expert
be an expert and it let you find an
expert and then once you find them on
the app you're connected for a video
call either immediately or you can
schedule it if the person the expert
allows scheduling and then you can talk
to them live and here's the cool part
you don't exchange phone number or other
contact information so you have an
anonymous or as Anonymous as you want to
be call with somebody without them ever
having your contact information they can
charge by the time you're on the call
and they can set their price anywhere
they want even
zero and you could
also let's say you could also um donate
so if you didn't want to use um patreon
or other donation facilities for
whatever reason or you just wanted
another one this would be an additional
one
so here's the app let's say that you've
already signed up it takes about a
minute to sign up as an expert there's
no requirement you just have to feel
that you have something to offer and as
long as you describe your level of
expertise accurately everything's good
charge charge for it what you will if
people want to pay for it they will so
let's say I wanted to choose the find an
expert you can see a number of experts
who are online or have been on recently
I would just use the search box to I'm
look for
myself uh I'm just going to put in my
name because it is faster so here's what
a profile looks like so here I am as an
expert and don't worry don't worry that
you can't see the detail on the screen
because I I'll tell you what's important
so you see my big old face you see
there's a button here that says uh get
notified so right now I'm offline but if
you wanted to get notified when I go
live you would press that button and you
would get an alert on your phone to say
that I'm online and then you could
connect with me if you wanted to but you
also have a a button that we just added
for a donation and if somebody presses
this button they can just use their
credit card and they can make a donation
to any of the experts on here and if you
scroll down you can see a little bit
more about the experts all
right so the first things um the first
thing I would like to suggest is that
when you list your expertise you be as
specific as possible if your expertise
is just marketing don't expect anybody
to call because it's just too General if
your expertise is you know let's say
strategy don't really expect anybody to
call because nobody quite knows if
that's the type of strategy that they
care about people tend to have pretty
specific questions so one of the yeah
addiction is a good one so if you were
an addiction counselor that's very
specific so that would be perfect
another one that's working is um one of
the experts is giving advice uh if you
have cancer on how to find a cancer
treatment because apparently it's not
easy to find so it's good to have a
person to talk to who knows the layout
of all the the cancer you know treatment
type um options so that's a perfect one
because it uh it's a perfect one because
it's so specific and people really care
if you have cancer and you want to find
a place to get a certain type of
treatment you're going to want to spend
10 minutes talking to somebody who knows
how to do it all right so the more
specific you are and the more uh dollar
value that expertise the better now you
don't have to be technically an expert
you could simply sign up and say I will
keep you company for $20 an hour and you
just have lunch with somebody on your
phone so it's just a video call and
somebody says I just need somebody to
talk
to that's an expertise
listening is an expertise so don't get
too caught up on how expert you need to
be if you know something and it's
specific you're you're in good shape
your profile uh photo so you can upload
your own photo you can see my big old
head on there that looks a lot like me
here's my advice you want a clear not a
fuzzy photo and you want to have a photo
that shows you in the context that you
want people to think of you as an expert
right so if I were a medical expert I
would make sure my picture had me in
some kind of a medical coat if I were a
scientist I would make sure it was a
picture of me around some sciencey
looking stuff if I'm a Lumberjack I want
to be in the forest right nobody wants
to talk to a
scientist with that shows a picture of
them playing softball so make sure your
picture has a little context that's
important it's a current picture it
shows your full face and it shows that
you're not hiding who you are people
will trust that remember our visual
sense overwhelms all of our other senses
so if it doesn't look right nobody's
calling
okay um your biography so you've got a
little place that you can put something
about you in in your profile it's easy
to find all the the menus so I'm not
going to go into that make sure your
profile tells the story you want to say
put a little time into it not a lot of
time I'm talking five minutes but put
some time into making sure that it it it
paints your expertise in the right
light then do a little AB
testing AB testing uh in in this context
a AB testing means maybe you try one
price and see if anybody contacts you if
that doesn't work try a different price
maybe you try a different biography
maybe experiment with the the photo
maybe you change the the description of
your expertise a little bit so
experiment don't expect that the first
thing you try will be the winning
combination um I'm going to talk about
this last how to add buttons to your
page you can schedule your availability
so we've added this since the app came
out um now if you're the expert you go
to your own page and you can schedule
when you'll be available for office
hours I have scheduled my own
availability so that if you went to my
page and you scroll down you'd have to
scroll down right so if this was me as
an expert and you saw that I was not
online you could scroll down and see oh
wait a minute he's he's uh he's put a
schedule there so I actually am
scheduled to be live right after this
but I've made my my topic uh asked me
about fine people so if you're a member
of the press and you'd like to get a
quote on a really interesting story
which is me tracking down the the origin
of the fake news that the president once
once said uh that there were fine people
among the races now if you're following
that Saga that's been debunked but the
story itself of How It's been debunked
is fascinating so if anybody wants to
talk to me and you're a member of the
press I will be available for a live
call right after I'm done with
this all right um you want to be able to
use social media your own and others to
um to broadcast your availability let's
say I wanted to do a uh let's say I
wanted to be an expert and I wanted to
talk about my experience with a rare
medical condition called spasmodic
dysphonia this is something I actually
had and it was the inability to speak
which lasted for about three years for
me now if I put the keywords spasmodic
disphonia in the app well you'd have to
depend on the the rare people who have
this problem to come across the app and
be looking for it and until the audience
gets a lot bigger on the app the odds of
that are low but the people who care
about this condition are very well
organized so if you did a social media
post let's say Facebook or uh Twitter
and you did hash spasmodic dysphonia
everybody would say it not everybody but
the people who care about that weird
little corner of the world will track
that hashtag and they'll see that
there's an expert that they can talk to
right now and that would be powerful so
use your own social media and hashtag it
and hope that that hashtag finds the
organizations that are naturally
predisposed to talking to somebody like
you all
right uh you can either as I said you
can either charge people for your time
or if you think that people are not
going to believe how useful you are you
could take a chance you could experiment
and say I'm going to give my advice for
free but if you like it there's a button
on here you could donate later it's up
to you so you'd have that option
donation or charge for your time um and
then patience because the first time you
sign up people are not going to be
flooding toward you maybe it takes a
month for us to build enough audience so
there's enough natural traffic on there
um but here's the new thing that we just
added and I think this will make a big
difference you you can now add buttons
and links to your profile so let's say
you had a web page a Blog um but some
somewhere you control the page so you've
got a website or or just a Blog could be
a WordPress blog any other kind of blog
you can now add our buttons and our
links that will take the user directly
over to your expert page and you can do
it in three different ways you can just
take you can grab the link and just put
it in your profile and then people will
go to the page that shows your profile
because remember this is duplicated on
the browser if you go to when
hub.com you'll get the same function as
the interface by whenhub app that's on
your mobile phone so a link will take
him to at least the website and if the
person has the app it'll take him to the
app but it works both ways so here's how
you would do that if you wanted to add a
button you would go to your laptop you
would go to when
hub.com you would go to the search post
and let's say that you've already
created a profile so this next part
depends on the fact that you've already
created a profile on the interface app
if you have you can search for your
profile here here I'm just searching for
my last
name and you see that lots of profiles
come up and then you can't see it well
but one of these profiles is me and I'm
going to click on it you don't need to
see the detail so don't worry if you
can't see the screen I'm going to talk
you through it here you see a
reproduction of my profile so it's on a
phone it could be on an iPad and here it
is on a
browser if you wanted to grab your
button so now I'm looking at my own
profile there are three ways you can do
it and again don't worry you can't see
the details because I'm going to tell
you what's here one of them is just to
copy the link just copy it put it in
your Twitter and it will take people
right to this page or it will open the
app if they have the app and or you can
add a profile button that looks like the
little photo of you and says you're an
interface expert and you can actually
paste that onto your uh page so you
could have a little thing that actually
indicates if you're
live on here so in other words your web
page could have a button let's call it a
button but it's a little image that will
indicate in real time if you're live on
the app or not and then anybody who
comes across your web page will know to
use the app to find you and they can
just click on this to click through the
app if you are an
organization this is really useful so if
you've got a website for your
organization and you know that people
are always calling in to ask questions
you can either charge them for the time
but you don't have to we don't require
it you could just put zero price and say
okay you can click this button and I'll
be live in a video call but here's the
cool thing remember you're not
exchanging user contact information so
the people calling in are not going to
know your phone number you're not going
to know theirs and that's good for
privacy the Third Way is the Donate
button you can you can just click this
button and it will copy the HTML code to
paste a button into your own web page
that says donate and then you can put
your own text around this that says if
you would like to support me for this or
that here's the Donate button if they
press that donate button they'll
eventually go through the the prompts to
um to donate now the people who are
donating in our current model they have
to also have signed up not as an expert
but just signed up for the app so so in
the in the current version both people
have to sign up for the app but again it
takes 60 seconds to sign up for the app
uh we're working on a version that would
let somebody who doesn't have an account
on the interface app to also donate and
that that will be out fairly soon but at
the moment that's a limit now if you
want to use the interface by one Hub app
on your uh computer as opposed to its uh
form on the mobile or the iPad you can
go to when hub.com but you are going to
have to let me back up to this
page you're going to have to uh if you
can see up here this little Banner this
is to download uh download for Mac so on
my Mac I would have to download it it's
something called a DMG file a little
prompt will come up to tell you to drag
drag it over to a folder and that's
pretty much all you do and then you have
it loaded on your machine so the the
process of loading the app on your
browser is click a link it'll tell you
what to do you drag something into a
folder you're done all
right um
that I believe covers the basics so if
you have h a website and you want to add
a button to it go to when hub.com and it
will will give you a donate button you
have to be signed up for the app which
is free and takes about a minute and the
people donating at the moment have to
have an account also which is also free
and also takes about a minute all
right I am going to um end this
Periscope on that and then I'm going to
be available for those of you watching
this live um I'm going to be available
in a few minutes to take some calls on
interface and anybody wants to call me
press only about the question of the
fine people I will take your call and I
hope this was useful um somebody asked
about screen sharing that's in the works
so we're working on that upgrade that
will apply I think to the laptop version
but yeah screen sharing is coming and
thank you