[Music]
thumpa hey everybody come on in welcome
to the special holiday edition of coffee
with scott adams now normally what we do
at this time of day is we enjoy
something called the simultaneous sip
but there's a new word that's entered
the vocabulary that can be used in any
context whatsoever it seems it no longer
means something bad the word is called
impeach now there was a time I'm old
enough to remember when a peach was a
bad thing it applied to bad people doing
bad things and it was a bad outcome but
that seems to have changed and now the
word impeach means something like a good
fundraising technique and a bunch of
 so you can impeach anything now
this morning I'm gonna impeach a cup of
coffee
yes you can join me you don't need
coffee you could have your own beverage
and impeach the hell out of it with me
simultaneously all right and all you
need is a cup of Mario glasses mr. Stein
chalice Dyckman thermos flask canteen
Grail goblet vessel of any kind
filled with your favorite liquid I like
my coughing and get ready to impeach the
hell out of it go hmm I can feel my
fundraising increasing yes yes that was
good impeached coffee right there now as
you know I've made the I've made the
prediction that the word impeach and the
idea of impeaching would change because
of Trump as opposed to impeaching
changing Trump Trump is going to change
everything we ever thought about the
word impeach is happening already there
was a I tweeted this this morning there
was a movie review of the new Star Wars
movie and the reviewer didn't like it
and in the title for his movie review he
said that JJ Abrams should be impeached
and so you're already seeing the word
impeached move from this oh so serious
political realm into just a silly word
they use because it's funny
impeachment has lost all of its power I
think the funniest comment I heard was
from Mitch McConnell he was giving a
speech I guess the Senate and he was
saying I have to paraphrase him because
I can't get this exactly but McConnell
said something like this no well I I
don't know what kind of leverage Nancy
Pelosi you think she has over us by not
sending the articles of impeachment over
I guess the idea is that they're gonna
not send us something that we didn't
want in the first place and I have to
admit that was a really good way to
couch it yep Nancy Pelosi sees leverage
over Mitch McConnell is that she's going
to not send him something he doesn't
want which is the impeachment articles
so that's pretty funny now the new
wrinkle is that as you heard I think I
talked about it yesterday one of the
Democrats witnesses a legal scholar what
is his name
Feldman I think said that in his opinion
until the impeachment articles are
transmitted over to the Senate
impeachment has not happened so
tactically there is no impeachment
according to this one scholar but then
Jonathan totally weighed in and as you
don't colonel he's sort of a better
expert than the other experts and he
said he wrote well here's every part of
the Constitution I think there were five
parts of the Constitution they have some
mention of impeachment and he writes an
article he goes well here they are
here's everything mentioned in the
Constitution about impeachment Noah
Feldman ously is the attorney and
Jonathan Turley says show me there where
it says is not an impeachment until the
articles have been sent over to the
so apparently the the Constitution does
not say that your impeachment didn't
happen unless it's transmitted but how
could both of those experts be right is
there a way that Turley could be right
and Feldman with complete opposite
opinion could both be right well I don't
know but let me propose this I believe
it could be said that the house has
voted to impeach so watch my language
carefully they've voted to impeach I
think everybody would agree that's just
a true statement they voted to impeach
but the process of impeaching seems to
have hit a stall and if the house
doesn't do the entire process the voting
being one part of the process and then
the transmitting into the Senate being
the other part can it be said that the
impeachment has been finalized I would
say no I would say that you could say
the house has voted to impeach but they
didn't until they transmit it I would
say this is just sort of the the non
legal scholar a way of looking at it
because apparently the Constitution is
vague enough and no surprise there
that's why we have a Supreme Court
because the Supreme the Constitution has
lots of room for interpretation but my
personal interpretation is that they
voted for impeachment but they didn't do
it because until you until you sent it
if an impeachment you know somebody said
this on social media probably lots of
people send it if an impeachment falls
in the forest and nobody hears it did it
happen you know that's that's not really
proving anything it's just a fun thought
but I think you could have it both ways
I think you could say that they voted
for impeachment but they did not
complete the steps of impeachment and so
therefore if they do not transmit I
think you'd have an argument that all
you had was if
but not an impeachment so that's my non
legal scholar sense of it but doesn't it
isn't it a wake up call that a step
that's so central to our government is
so central to the Constitution so
essential to checks and balances as one
what is an appeasement and how does it
work and two of the most qualified
scholars that we know about have looked
at it the same question
it came two opposite opinions now what's
that tell you about experts looking at
the same stuff they're looking at the
same stuff at the same time and it's not
really even that complicated it's now
like climate science where you'd really
have to be an expert in a hundred
different things to really know how it
all fits together with this
constitutional stuff there were five
paragraphs basically out of the
Constitution that's it and they're not
even terribly complicated and they still
can't agree what it says all right so
that was interesting I noticed I don't
know if it's because of the end of the
year or what but it seems that the
president has the major victory on the
border wall funding stuff yeah not in
terms of getting all the money he wanted
but getting getting money that he could
spend in the in the fashion that he
needs to and I guess he's got some more
flexibility about borrowing from other
budgets but apparently the only
requirement that the Democrats maybe
it's not the only requirement but the
one mentioned that the Democrats put on
that funding for the border security is
wait for it the only way that it can be
spent is according to the priorities of
the border security experts and
engineers how long have I been telling
you that you could get your border
funding if you're the debt if you're the
Republicans just say the words I've been
so long have I been saying this two
years right just say the words we only
want to do it where the engineers
and the experts tell us to put it that's
where we'll start you just got to say
those words and suddenly money will come
to you because you can't argue with
putting the money where the experts say
it needs to go first so so what was the
final compromise if you can call it that
then led the president to get his money
and to be able to spend it where he
wants he just had to promise to put it
where the engineers said it was most
important that's it you waited two years
to do what I told you on day one was all
you needed to do and I'm glad there are
enough people watching this periscope
that you can confirm that I have been
calling for that all right there is a
really scary story in the New York Times
much much recommended it is talking
about how the law enforcement or really
anybody who has access to the data can
track you by your phone now of course
you all knew that you could be tracked
by your phone but some of the lies which
you've been told that the New York Times
exposes very well I think is that the
data that you're sending to these
various apps about location is
anonymized so they can't tell us you
turns out that's true and false at the
same time it's true that the data is
anonymized when it's sent to the
database the the not true part about it
is that it's a trivial matter to figure
out who you were after the fact for
example they can track your your
location without knowing who you are at
first and they can say huh
this phone goes from this house this
address to this work address five times
a week that's it
that's all they need to know who you are
if they know where you where you live
and where you go to work they know who
you are they can also tell by you know
who you who you travel with and
everything else so it turns out there's
no such thing as anonymous location
information because your location does
tell you who you are
period
and so pretty much everybody who's got a
cell phone is being tracked through one
app or another now this brings me to
John McAfee I told you before I've
invited John McAfee to be on on this
periscope some day he asked he's he
referred me to somebody on his his team
or his family I'm not sure what to
schedule it and I haven't haven't had
that happen yet but he's answering some
questions on Twitter about how it is
that he hasn't been found because I
guess he's on the run from authorities
in this country and does it seem amazing
to you that the United States can't
figure out where John McAfee is he's on
social media every day you know he's
he's doing videos and stuff and we can't
figure out where he is and he said today
that he and his I guess his family or
whoever he's with they don't have cell
phones now McAfee claims that if you
have a cell phone there isn't any way to
hide the location you can VPN all you
want but there's just nothing you can do
there is no way to keep law enforcement
from finding you if you have a felt a
cell phone now I'm guessing he's right
about that because he's pretty smart and
he's looked into it and he hasn't been
caught yet so I think he's making doing
all his work on something like a laptop
with something like multiple VPNs and
and not the kind you grandmother uses
like serious VPNs that somebody like
back if he could use it you wouldn't
even know how to find so that is very
interesting yeah uses VPNs for your
laptops that is correct if somebody
asked them why you wouldn't use a burner
phone and apparently those are not safe
either because even if you have a burner
phone you know maybe somebody can figure
out who you are by who you called and
where you are and that that sort of
stuff so even a burner phone seems to be
a problem so what do you how do you feel
about that how do you feel about the
fact
that crime is essentially getting close
to 100% solvable because between DNA
facial recognition the fact that cameras
are everywhere and the fact that
apparently 99% of all crimes are solved
by cell phone location did you know that
I think that was the McAfee claim the
mat but the McAfee claim is that law
enforcement just goes directly to your
cell phone as soon as there's a crime
they just look at the cell phones and
they find you and it works basically
every time so having you know feet on
the ground to collect information that's
just useless these days because they get
you every time with your cell phone
unless you're unless you McAfee
apparently hears something else in the
same kind of general general information
CNN which was running the democratic
debate actually went dark they actually
turned their the TVs off the channel
anyway it went dark when China was
brought up as a as a critical question
China actually just went dark on the
democratic debate because I couldn't
handle even the questions much less the
answers and the questions were about the
concentration camps for the Uighur
Muslims and China just turned it off now
can China succeed in keeping that kind
of information away from its citizens
forever and I'm not even sure the
citizens care frankly you know maybe if
you're a citizen in China you're just
worrying about your own business and if
you're not a Uighur minority it just
doesn't bother you but it's kind of
chilling to think that they can just
turn off the TV for the parts that they
don't like all right um here's a oh
here's an update on Tulsi Gabbard so I
told you a while ago that Tulsi had DM
to me when I asked about having around
the periscope she said yes her team was
trying to schedule it I mentioned again
that it hadn't been scheduled and then
her team got back to me after that and
then Tulsi Dee and to me this morning
just to say that I'm sorry about the
delay and she's trying to schedule it so
you might see that interview in the next
week or two we're trying to schedule it
I don't want to give you the date we're
talking about because it might change
but look we have a yes so we have a
confirmed yes we just have to make it
happen all right
I tweeted I tweeted provocatively this
question how many Democrats have noticed
the following pattern right here's the
pattern that President Trump is
presidential for state functions so when
he's meeting with other leaders he's
meeting with the Queen meeting with the
Pope he's presidential wouldn't you
agree and then when he does his rallies
which are basically stand-up comedy he
brings a different personality that is
um hilariously inappropriate in other
words part of his stand-up comedy is Don
Rickles it's you know it's Howard Stern
it's it goes too far and that's why we
laugh at it because he goes too far but
that personality is very specific to the
rallies then he goes on Twitter and when
he tweets he comes into a completely
different personality it's also a little
more provocative but it's it's a Twitter
personality president Trump's Twitter
trolling in his Twitter game is a
perfect fit for Twitter so he adopts his
personality and his style for each
domain and and he excels in every domain
I don't believe anybody has said that
the president is not effective in state
meetings in fact maybe is the best
because he's even been meeting with
people that who are enemies and
frenemies and guess along with them too
you could argue that his state meetings
you know leader to leaders are among the
best I think you could make that
argument now people will say well what
about what about those Europeans who
were caught laughing behind his back at
the G was that whatever it was the last
big meeting what about it does anybody
here think that the leaders don't all
laugh about each other behind each
other's back do you let me ask you this
so one of the people who got caught
laughing behind the back of the
president was Justin Trudeau who had
what two or three blackface scandals
this year let me ask you do you think
any of the leaders of other countries
laughed behind Justin Trudeau's back
about all of his blackface scandals
no nobody yeah you don't think Angela
Merkel had it had a little giggle about
that no you don't think so come on come
on you don't think they laughed about
Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky be
serious are you kidding me of course
they did you could go all the way back
to Reagan you don't think that they made
fun of his you know forgetting
forgetting things and his elves I myrrh
in his his astrologist who was who was
advising him you don't think they
laughed about that behind his back come
on of course they did do you think there
are any world leaders the Trump has not
left about behind their backs
none I mean maybe he likes some of them
right but don't you think their Trump
has made fun of Trudeau privately and
when talking to other leaders of course
he has do you think he's made fun of
McCrone privately or even talking to
other leaders of course yes of course he
is the only difference is that the three
douchebags who are talking about him got
caught on the video right somebody had a
phone that's the only difference they
all laugh about each other it's just
like every other part of the world it's
just like you laughing you see
it's the biggest nothing in the world
who say that sub leaders are laughing at
each other so this is one of the
funniest tweets statistically speaking
66% of impeached presidents were
impeached for humiliating Hillary
Clinton so that of course would be Bill
Clinton and President Trump so 66% of
impeach presidents were impeached for
humiliating Hillary Clinton technically
true Wall Street Journal has an
editorial today that every now and then
I'll see a a piece of news that just is
like a slap in the face because it's
something that I should have noticed but
didn't notice so when people point out
something that I should have noticed and
I didn't it's really I love those
stories anyway there's the thing The
Wall Street Journal editorial appoints
editorial points out is that Robert
Muller's dossier report didn't say it
was false let me say that again when
Muller did his testimony and did his
Muller report he did not conclude at
least he didn't put it in the report he
did not conclude that the steel dossier
was false and was known to have been
debunked well before the molar report
came out let me say that again the steel
dossier was thoroughly debunked before
the molar report came out and and Muller
said it was beyond his purview to say
whether it was accurate or not seriously
are you fricking kidding me that Muller
clearly knew the steel document the
steel dossier was by them and
he didn't mention that like that didn't
seem important it was the most important
thing it wasn't the unimportant thing it
was
the most important thing you know kind
of comes down to that right of the
things that actually happened it was the
most important thing other things people
imagined might have happened those would
have been more important but they didn't
happen they were imaginary the longer
that the longer that and by the way does
that do you have the same reaction to
that
did you notice because there's just so
much noise and you know in all this
reporting did you even notice that
Muller was silent on the on the steel
dossier the most critical part of the
whole story you silent on it are you
kidding me I mean I don't you know to
say about that it's just it's much just
mind-blowing ly weird there's continued
speculation on the question of what the
hell is Nancy Pelosi thinking with her
strategy of delaying the sending the
articles of impeachment to the Senate
until the Senate buckles down and
changes their rules for the trial and
you know of course that's not gonna
happen so people are asking what is she
thinking why what does she have a I
watched Dana Perino say this yesterday
on Fox News what exactly is their
strategy does she have secret knowledge
that we don't know about is there some
clever plan that only Nancy Pelosi knows
but none of us can see because it's not
obvious now I would not rule out as as
Dana Perino said quite astute Lee we're
talking about Nancy Pelosi you're not
talking about somebody who's who's new
to this we're not talking about somebody
who doesn't have a long track word track
record of successful strategic thinking
so given this Pelosi given that we know
she's a strategic thinker at the highest
order she knows how to do this stuff why
is she doing what she's doing is there
like it is this so clever we can't see
it
nobody else get either either there are
no experts anywhere who can say oh yeah
that's what she's up to you don't see
this move but here's what she's up to
nobody nobody at her side nobody in the
other side there's literally nobody who
has a good description of why this could
be a good idea
so the speculation goes to a few
different things one of them is she
doesn't have an idea of how to make this
right so she's trying to think of one
so the delaying tactic could be nothing
but uh uh we'd better we'd better put
our heads together we better brainstorm
maybe a little extra delay will give us
some new strategic idea so it could be
just a delay like a time out in any
sporting thing so it could be just a
timeout could be not to ruin Christmas
think about it because if you're if
you're Nancy Pelosi remember you're
operating on a really high level of
persuasion and strategy right so so give
her the benefit that she's operating at
the highest level it kinda does make
sense that if you couldn't if you
couldn't stop the Senate from
overthrowing it and you can't or
whatever they do acquit or or dismiss
whatever they do you can't stop them
from doing that but you you might be
able to delay it until after Christmas
so everybody's gonna go home and have a
better Christmas if they're a Democrat
because what they feel like is that
they're going to Christmas with the
victory so they will get to marinate in
what feels like a victory for a few
weeks before the Senate turns it all the
 so it could be that it's just
something generous for the politicians
and the voters who are on that side just
to let them get through the holidays I
mean it could be as simple as that
probably not I mean that's probably not
the whole story and then there's the
theory that the only reason that she's
doing is to get under Trump's skin to
bother him
he raised ten million dollars he raised
ten million dollars and if you've looked
at the comments on Twitter the number of
people who said I've never donated to a
campaign before but the moment the gavel
came down for impeach I I went to the
website and I gave him $200 whatever so
just person after person on social media
is commenting that way I never given
money before but it's not even about the
candidates anymore it's about the
Constitution now so it's basically a
vote for the Constitution and people are
giving a lot of money to that so it
could be that she's just making the
holidays good it could be she's just
bugging Trump and then there's some
speculation she must might want it just
to sit there so that it seems more
important as long as possible you know
get it into people's heads as etc but I
think Trump is successfully making
impeachment turn into just a joke
concept you know I think people are
gonna be impeaching everything you know
you're gonna get together with your
boyfriend or girlfriend or lover and
you're gonna impeach each other if you
know what I mean
I think impeaching is going to like move
into the just pure drought joke category
so it's like Jesse Smollett if you say
Jesse's mullet you know there's a joke
coming all right you know you don't even
have to say anything else about it it's
like hey I'm gonna make you smile
jussie Smollett and you're automatically
in it like a jokey mood so I think
impeachment is going the Jesse Smollett
route where it used to be this solemn
important sad thing that you'd do for a
country and that was just funny because
the Democrats have just ruined the word
ruined the concept they've taken all the
credibility out of it because of being
partisan instead of bipartisan it Trump
changed impeachment they may never
change back
you may be familiar with a publication
called the Atlantic you might be
familiar with it because it is one of
the most strident anti-trump
publications ever there's probably more
fake news in the Atlantic in the form of
opinion anyway than anywhere else in the
world so the Atlantic doesn't even try
to be anything except an anti-trump
publication at least in the political
sense and even the Atlantic ran an
opinion piece today
mocking Paul Krugman for having Trump
derangement syndrome now it's not
remarkable to hear a trump supporter say
that Krugman has Trump derangement
syndrome but this is not only his own
team but this is this is like you know
the captain of the team practically not
really bad analogy but the Atlantic is
so deeply and completely anti Trump that
when they called their own the most
prominent economist a suffering from
Trump derangement syndrome and being
wrong about everything Trump that's
notable makes you wonder it makes you
wonder if even Democrats are starting to
wonder about their own approach now
remember I told you that what's going to
be fun is that the end of the year you
see all the lists you're going to see
the list of all the things that Trump
accomplished it's going to be a long
list and then you can see the list of
all the fake news I'll talk about in a
moment and the list of fake news is
really long like really long talk about
that a minute all right
so yes let us talk about that so I
tweeted today asking for people for the
definitive list of fake news and people
have been putting them in the comments
and I'll just read you some of them so
let's see let's see what people have
suggested so in my comments so here
here's some of the fake news that either
originated in this past year 2019
or it was still going so some of these
originated earlier but they passed into
2019 so you had the Jessie smaller case
the Cavanaugh allegations coming to the
kids the Ukraine hoax the Russia hoax
everything about the dossier everything
about everything about the newness memo
everything about Afghanistan reporting
that happened earlier but we found out
about it in 2019
I hear cheryl atkinson atkinson has a
list of the fake news as she updates all
the time so if you follow cheryl
atkinson you can find links to that
there was the the army-navy game and the
the kids who made the the okay assigned
now are you as bothered as I am that
when that story first broke and there
were reports that the cadets were doing
the what they call a white power sigh
and that looks like the okay sign that
even at the beginning of the story there
were credible people representative
Crenshaw Dan Crenshaw was one of the
people who noted that that's just a game
people play where they make that sign
and if somebody notices that you're
making that sign below the belt you can
punch him in the arm apparently it's
been around for decades now I didn't
know about that but the moment I heard
Crenshaw explained that it's a common
game that's been played forever I looked
it up and sure enough it's called the
circle game and it's a common game
that's been played by young people
forever
I checked it with a few young people
just to fact-check and a 11 and a 14
year old told me yes they were both
familiar with us as a common game that
mostly the boys play now here's my
problem I agree with the military you
know the whoever's the administrators
who said they were going to research it
and look into it because it was an
accusation that it was a white power
sign but even at the very beginning
we had the alternative theory the
alternative theory that it was just that
game I watched for the reporting to at
least say there's an alternative theory
and even Fox News didn't do that now I
feel as though that was a gigantic media
failure probably on the left and the
right because I can understand that
maybe the the anti-trump er ISM on the
Left would just sort of not mention that
that's a game or that people are
suggesting it's a game maybe they just
wouldn't mention it but how do you
explain you know that Fox News ran
stories about it and didn't even mention
that there's another hypothesis that
it's just a game and it's a common game
and you can google it and you could see
that it's a game to me that was a pretty
major news oversight it's one thing to
say you don't know it's one thing to say
the accusations are that it's white
power I guess that's okay because that's
the news but to not say there's another
explanation and it's completely innocent
yeah under the five they did say that
that is correct so I'm talking about I
read I forget what the article was but
it was on the website for Fox News and I
read it just to look for that and the
early reporting did not include that and
I thought man how do you not at least
include that as a possibility all right
what else we got here did you do we got
just migrants forced to drink out of
toilets that was fake news right because
I think the they weren't drinking the
toilet water I think they were drinking
from the thing that feeds the toilet
water which was clean water so sort of
true but sorted enough let's see what
else the Kurds were abandoned so
somebody's calling that fake news that
the Kurds were abandoned well that's
more of a matter of
opinion I think but I think it is true
we're not seeing reporting that says
that Turkey is wiping out the Kurds and
it did seem to force people into making
some concessions they didn't want to
make so let's say that's an open
question still the thought that the IG
report found no bias when in fact they
did find bias the the thought that Comey
was vindicated by the IG report opposite
my god I'm just still looking for less
um troops deployed to Saudi Arabia was
that a story that I don't know the
details that so I can't speak to that
looking what else we get the children
are say the children in cages and the
children ripped from the hands of their
parents I would say is true without the
context that what was the alternative
which was worse apparently and that
Obama did the same thing so I would call
that too fake news if it's only reported
that trumpet Trump was doing it and it's
and it's reported that there was a
better option if you report that there
was a better and the fine people of yes
the the king of all hoaxes is that Trump
called the racist insurance will find
people when the transcript says exactly
the opposite all right looking through
some more your suggestions here all
right now there's some saying that the
the okay sign was never a white power
symbol but rather it was a 4chan hoax
that the media accepted but here's the
here's the thing if the media accepted
that that okay sign was a white
supremacist signal even if it wasn't
would not lots of white supremacists
read the news and say to themselves hey
it looks like we've got a hand signal
now and then start using it so I would I
was
it could be both a hoax meaning that it
started as a hoax on 4chan but if the
media reported it as true wouldn't it
very rapidly become true because racist
who had never heard of it would say well
I don't use 4chan but I'm glad that the
news just told me I have a hand signal I
guess I'll start using it so I would
think it's started as a hoax that turned
probably true for at least one racist
somewhere yeah there's a fake news
that's well well past gasps but that
wasn't the most important story there
was the story of the showing the
shooting range that somebody said was
the Kurds being killed I guess that was
ABC what so there's this discussion of
two genders all right let me get into
this so there's this big left-right
controversy about are there only two
genders or are there multiple genders
and transgenders and everything else I I
haven't really talked on that topic
because it feels like a dumb topic
because it's mostly word thinking where
people are just trying to win the
argument somehow by just defining it's
like I define genders this way and
therefore there are only two and then
the other person will say I define
genders this other way and therefore
there are lots of them there's no real
argument it's just people making up
their own definitions words if you
wanted to bring that to the practical
level the practical level being what do
you do about it given that people
disagree with how many genders are I
think it depends on the situation and I
think that here's my here's my opinion
there are infinite genders meaning that
people are infinitely different so even
within the you know let's say somebody
says that there
completely heterosexual they're male
there's probably a lot variance within
that range I think there's just an
infinite variety of everybody and if
you're talking about where you
personally want to define you know the
beginning and the end of those
definitions that's just stuff happening
in your head that has no impact on me
somebody says biology so so what yes yes
biology exists
yes biology for the most part determines
what your genes are so so what like
there's no so there's no so what to that
I hear what you're saying it's just a
fact now you hear other people saying
they're for social reasons and for
fairness and inclusion there are people
who consider themselves different things
there are people who are in grey areas
there are all kinds of all kinds of
distinctions and I say those people are
arguing for social purposes and other
people are just making a scientific case
and they're not even in the same
conversation so it's a dumb argument
that's what I'm saying the the people
who are arguing it's only two well says
you
under what circumstance for what purpose
when is a good when's it not when is it
practical when is it impractical you
know the whole is science two genders
it's just it's so empty you could be
completely right and completely
irrelevant at the same time so you know
I guess you win you win all right
those are mostly the mostly the things I
wanted to talk about yes there are
infinite species of humanoids in a sense
we're all infinitely different somebody
says Scott totally sucking up to the
left block that's how to get yourself
blocked if you want to characterize me
as
completely pro-trump or sucking up to
the left or any of those dumb things I'm
just gonna block you it's not even just
because you're wrong it's because you're
boring me
alright don't don't just yeah I'm
literally in the conversation about
people being infinitely different and
then somebody thinks this would be a
good time to label me how about don't I
was reading a hip piece about me the
other day it was actually a hit video by
hit video I mean not that it was popular
but that it was a an anti Scot piece of
video now the bigger context was anti
Kanye West I think but it was using me
as an example of why he's such a bad
black person according to this video
because he listened to anything I said
once so here's the thing they they
introduced me in this in this video and
here's how I was described as a
libertarian men's rights activist which
of those two things is true none when
have I ever been a men's right activist
so this will give you an idea of how
faked not only the news is but even you
know the videos in the social media I
was described as a men's rights activist
do you don't have that started I once
wrote a blog post and I'm not even
making this up I once wrote a blog post
in which I made fun of men's rights
activists that's it and because of that
you know it turned into a telephone game
where it got repeated and reported
incorrectly and then somebody repeated
the incorrect reporting until I became
according to this blogger who made a
whole video about me and Kanye West and
some other people my one blog post
making fun of men's rights people turned
me into one literally the opposite now
let me state the men's rights activists
have really good points but I'm not one
you can have lots of good points but it
doesn't mean them doesn't mean I joined
your team
you know the NRA has lots of good points
but I didn't joined the NRA you know the
Republicans have lots of good points but
I'm not a Republican the Democrats have
some good points too but I'm not a
Democrat so that was of course faint
news then the second part was that he
called me a libertarian never been a
libertarian I have in the past described
myself the following way libertarian
without the crazy parts do you see what
I'm doing there compare these two things
I used to call myself and libertarian
but without the crazy parts currently
although I'd might have to change this
during the election cycle for you know
Trump I started calling myself left of
Bernie think about these two things left
at Bernie and libertarian without the
crazy stuff what are those two things
have in common I want to see if anybody
can get it in the in the comments what
do those two things have in common
might take a while for your comments
catch up so I'm just gonna tell you what
they have in common is that they're not
real I created two two political
categories for myself that are real you
can't even imagine what they are because
if you say you're a libertarian but
without the crazy parts what are the
crazy parts most of the libertarian at
the leaf system are crazy right because
the libertarians would say I get rid of
the government let everybody do what
they want that can't work that's crazy
stuff right so the libertarians are they
like freedom I like freedom they like
you know the government not to be too
intrusive I like that stuff too but
everybody does so if you say you're
libertarian but without the crazy parts
it doesn't mean anything because the
crazy parts are the libertarian parts
likewise when I said I was left to
Bernie there's nothing there when I said
it but now the squad and AMC and
Elizabeth Warren and Senator they staked
out a place left a burning sort of you
know they're more on Bernie than left of
them but when I first started saying it
it didn't mean anything which is what I
intended
I wanted people to say huh I don't know
what that means so I might have to make
up a new category simply for the purpose
of allowing myself not to be branded
anyway so this hippies describes me as a
men's rights activist I'm not in a
libertarian I'm not not even close all
right did I have some other point on
that I don't think I did somebody says I
personally think you are a liberal I'm
socially liberal so that part's true
but on big policies they tend to be
complicated and I'd like to look at them
one at a time so I think the big mistake
with being either a Republican and we're
being a Democrat is that once you're on
the team you feel you feel some
obligation to defend even the weaker
parts of your team it's just a natural
human impulse so I try to avoid where
possible any way associated with the
team so that I can say well I like your
tax rates but I don't like your health
care or whatever so here's the question
for you why did we stop talking about
deficits why did we stop talking about
the national deficits is it because it
stopped mattering
I don't think so did it ever matter
before why did we stop talking about it
do you know how you can solve every
problem in this country except one run
of the deficits you could solve every
problem you could give everybody health
care free college you can solve it all
you'd only have one problem a debt you
could never pay back so is it fair ever
to say that anything is going right in
the country well the deaths going up at
the same time can you make could you
honestly say that whether it's Trump or
Obama it doesn't matter what you're
talking about can you honestly say the
government is doing well
if all of the things that are going well
depend on this one thing which is a
tragedy waiting to happen which is that
or is it because remember for those of
you who are not economists you may not
be aware that national debt is very
different than personal debt if you have
personal debt you've got to pay it back
and you've got to pay back not only the
interest but you've got to at least
start paying back the principal or it's
a very short-term debt the only way you
can get get away with not paying back to
the principal is if it's a short-term
loan let's say a year but if this
long-term loan and it's a personal loan
you're going to be paying off some some
principal probably you can get away with
or you can get away with putting it off
but eventually you got to pay back the
principal the government doesn't the
government of the United States could
say you know what well just we won't
make any more debt but we're not going
to pay it back either we'll just pay
interest because over time inflation
will shrink the value of that debt until
it's not really important and then you
can pay off the last little bit so if
you did nothing as a government business
but say we'll slow down the rate of our
debt increase and that's it we'll just
slow it down you'd probably get to the
point where you could you can sustain it
more easily so I don't know that anybody
is smart enough not not Paul Krugman not
me not anybody I don't know if anybody
is smart enough to know where this debt
stuff ends up I just don't know what it
ends up now one way to look at the debt
is that it's a stealth tax would you all
agree with that would you agree that
every time the government runs up the
debt it has raised taxes on our future
cells or some some number of our future
selves would we all agree that that's
true is there anybody you would disagree
with that that raising the national debt
is a stealth tax that somebody's gonna
have to pay for and it'll be citizens
it seems to me that you know I think it
was Warren Buffett who said you know we
can always inflate away our debt by just
printing more money if we need to so
there's probably not a giant risk that
will default especially since we have
the biggest military in the world but
then if it's a stealth tax who is it
attacks on here's your next bonus
question if running up the debt is a
stealth tax who is it a tax odd answer
it's a tax on people who have money
because it's not a tax on poor people
how are the poor people going to pay
back the debt with their no money or not
is it a regressive tax stealth tax well
it's probably progressive because I
would imagine that the people who have
the most money are going to be asked to
have the biggest impact on paying it
back so it seems to me that when you
rung up the debt you were effectively
giving people free health care but not
all of them you're effectively giving
people free or inexpensive college
education but not all of them
you're basically taxing the rich to into
I would say you're narrowing the the
wealth gap I've never heard anybody talk
about that but I would like to hear more
people say that the debt is really just
a tax so if you said to me as president
Trump lowered your taxes or increase
your taxes Scott I would say he has
increased my taxes two different ways I
live in California and because I lost
the state deduction my taxes are up so
the Trump administration raised my taxes
as a rich guy who lives in one of the
states that has a big state tax so if
you lived in New York especially the
city or California and you're rich your
taxes went up minded the second way that
Trump raised my taxes is by increasing
the deficit
no I don't know that that's a good idea
or a bad idea and I'm not sure that any
economist quite understand all that
stuff but it raised certainly raised how
much I or my my heirs will have to pay I
would think on Monday I'm planning to
have a special guest who's gonna be
talking about some plans for building
new and better cities
ideally more efficient and lower-cost I
believe and I've been saying this
forever that the only way to address the
national debt is to make the cost of
living a pretty good life much less
expensive which we know how to do it's
just a design problem and so I imagine
that you'll see lots of innovation there
and I would say that in 20 years if
you're let's say a lower middle class
person you will find a way to have a
completely satisfying life with health
care and education and job opportunities
but maybe you only make twenty five
thousand a year and you have a perfectly
good lifestyle I think we're heading
toward a place where where the private
industry will be able to offer those
options but you have to design a city
from scratch to make it work that way so
you've got to design now all the enix
all the expensive parts you know make it
easy to get from one place to another
make it easy to get food without
necessarily even having a kitchen
somebody says middle class pays the
highest percentage of taxes so I had a
little debate online about the fairness
of taxes and somebody said the rich may
pay a lower percentage of their income
but they paid more money because it's a
small percentage of a larger amount
which one of those is fair is it fair
that rich people pay the most in a
dollar amount or is it unfair because
their percentage overall might be less
than some middle class people which one
is fair answer neither neither of them
are fair
there is no such thing as a fair tax
there's no way to design the tax that
everybody says all that's fair for me
there that doesn't exist you can only be
unfair in ways you can get away with
that's it those are your only options
fairness is a subjective concept and
because we all have a different opinion
what that looks like there is no way to
get there it's it's a destination with
no roads to it you can't get the fair
all right
so satisfying somebody says wages were
hired 20 years ago
I don't know that wages were hired 20
years ago or the cost of living was much
lower years ago remember years ago you
didn't need to have cable because it
didn't exist so I did you didn't need to
pay cable you didn't need to pay for
your phone your smartphone cuz it didn't
exist didn't need to pay for your
internet access cuz it didn't exist so
there are a lot of things that were just
cheaper back then and people had one car
instead of two I mean if you think back
if you could go back to those days that
you imagine or the good old days you
wouldn't want to spend five minutes
there because it was a terrible you know
life compared to today where you know
both parents have a car or they both
have the opportunities to work and
everything else all right yeah the the
flat tax would be just a different kind
of unfair tax because there's somebody
who would complain it's unfair that's
all you need which one is more fair
interesting question so somebody says
okay if both of them are unfair can you
at least compare them and say that one
of these is less unfair and the answer
is no now you can't that's not a thing
that there will always be people who
think that whichever side is grossly
unfair no matter what you can't change
that
organ harvesting yeah I tweeted around
more updated information that shows that
apparently the Oregon harvesting from
effectively live people that they
executed in other words they kill them
but keep them brain dead and live
apparently to take out their organs and
sell them because they sell for a lot
and the report is that they're killing
prisoners on demand based on organ
demand I believe that the experts say
that's that's now confirmed let me just
think about that how could we have an
ongoing relationship with China when
they're literally using their minorities
for parts I mean seriously
someday someday historians will not look
kindly upon us for doing business with
China
I think decoupling is going to happen
but it might not be the government who
does it in fact the best way to decouple
from China is to not have your
government endorses the the best thing
would be if private industry just said
whoa we're not going to build a new
factory in the country that's using its
minority population for parts alright so
I think private industry will make their
own decisions and decoupling I think is
guaranteed because I don't see China
changing so they're just gonna have to
lose any new business but I would
imagine the companies that are already
there
yeah I I've a softer opinion of people
who've already put a lot of a lot of
their resources there you know they
might need to unwind it much slower rate
somebody's suggesting we put a gas tax
on Eric's wall well finally something we
can all agree on all right
pronouns have you started blocking
people who have pronouns in their
profile I heard somebody say that they
said that if they see that you know the
preferred profiles and preferred
pronouns in their profile on Twitter
they'll just block them and what
look at the people I have blocked
there's a very high percentage of them
have those proteins I don't know if
that's the coincidence but I've actually
been thinking about doing that because
it it sort of sends a signal doesn't it
it's a signal that you're gonna get a
certain type of response I probably
won't do that but it does signal that
I'm not going to happen a legitimate
conversation with somebody okay
just looking at your comments oh yeah
there's a there's a rumor that miss food
who is essential to the whole rush
occlusion story has disappeared and or
maybe is dead somebody says your
prednisone is showing I'll tell you it
is it is somebody says there will be no
decoupling oh I would argue that the
decoupling is already happening it will
just be private companies not the
government telling us to do it where is
that beautiful perfect to Trump ad well
I think you can see the Trump ad it's in
my Twitter feed from a few days ago but
you probably just google it it will
probably pop right up alright I am going
to end right here and I will talk to you
all later