well everybody how's it going we're
going to fire
up the locals feed
here there we go what a day what a day
what a
day good morning every everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and it's the best thing
that'll ever happened to you if you'd
like to take it up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
smooth human brains all you need is a
CER mug or glass of Tanger chel aen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure it's a dopamine the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous hip Sip and it's going to
happen now
go a so good so
good that was a little extra today a
little extra
good well I hadn't heard much from uh
bri. a prince of fakes um he started a
company to make a sextoy that uses some
AI for some extra extra good good time
and I got a little update from him on uh
on the xplatform today he said original
plan at orifice that's the name of his
company
orifice uh was to only hire female
developers since everyone told us we can
hire them for the same work as 75 cents
on a dollar that's a pretty solid
plan turns out they want the same rate
for the same work
what
what I the ladies are asking for the
same pay for the same work well when did
that
start but yeah so I guess that whole
plan just went to hell because the women
are asking for the same amount of
pay what has the world come
to but then Bri goes on uh not to be
defeated he said that after learning
that Disney won't hire a white man we
decided to hire uh only white
men now that's some smart thinking
because you can get a white man now for
75 cents on a
dollar because nobody wants them it's
just supply and demand people it's
supply and demand yeah white people on
sale if you'd like a white developer I
think you could offer them 75 cents on a
dollar
now all right now the big question that
people have been asking is the big
debate is coming on
Thursday could change the fate of the
world it might actually change the fate
of the world and and people are saying
what kind of drug cocktail is Biden
going to be on to get him through that
well I don't know for sure but I'm going
to use all of my medical knowledge to
speculate all of it yeah I'm not going
to leave any of my vast medical
knowledge on the sideline I'm going to
use all of
it uh I think he's going to need some
kind of a stimulant so I would go with
Aderall because you want to stay legal
you'll probably have some kind of
dementia specific drug I don't know too
much about those but there's probably
something out there that gets you a
little extra
poop but uh I think he's also going to
have
Viagra um two reasons that I can think
of number one he has trouble knowing
which way to go when he gets done so
this will help point the
way okay the other reason might be a
better one is it could be used as a
memory device a memory device theice
Viagra and now there was a study that
said that Viagra literally helps you
process stuff better it helps your brain
might be good for your brain but beyond
that it's also a memory
device does that make sense to you they
would use it as a like a pneumonic
memory
device all right let me explain I guess
that's not obvious how we would do that
let's say he's talking about January 6
and he loses his train of thought and it
might go like this oh that that mean old
Trump uh January 6 uh you said that uh
you saw you all saw it you saw it he led
an insa he led he's leading on January 6
he led the inser the insa the
ins Insurrection Insurrection that's
what it was so it's like a memory it's a
Memory
device all right uh raise your hands if
you've seen the new dis dis movie called
The
acolyte I'm just joking nobody saw that
movie because it's the worst movie
they've ever made is woke
garbage and the new fun
part about
that uh is that the uh the woman who
made it Leslie
Hedland uh apparently she's identified
as lesbian and she says uh before the
movie came out that she wanted to quote
tick off their problematic male
dominated
audience so she actually made a movie
that would take off male
audiences well good job you did it you
may have miscalculated a little bit let
me explain a few things some things that
maybe weren't obvious maybe you should
have sought some other opinions but
here's what you might have
missed it's not that white men aren't
going to watch your movie
is that what you think it's going to
happen no that that's that's not the
problem the problem is not white men not
watching your movie no the problem is
white men aren't going to watch another
one of your movies ever no we're
never going to watch another
Star Wars the whole thing is dead it's
dead now I wouldn't watch it if it got
the best reviews of any Star Wars it's
dead you know what else is dead your
whole company Disney
right now if you'd ask me ahead of time
do you think people will watch the movie
anyway I would said well it depends how
woke is it once I found out I might have
said you know probably not probably not
and then she would have said perhaps but
they'll watch the next movie right if
it's a little less woke they'll watch
the ne next one and then I would have
advised her no you we're not going
to watch the next one either even if
it's great
and then she would said but you're still
going to go to you know Disney World
right because that has nothing to do
with this movie to which I would said no
 you we're not going to Disney World
ever your whole goddamn country your
your whole company is going to be
destroyed by you that's on you now you
just destroyed one of the greatest
companies in America
congratulations but on the good side you
did accomplish your goal of to taking
off the problematic male dominated
audience so good good work yeah we're
gone forever we're not coming
back um research
suggests that they might figure out how
to make airplanes not make
noise now that doesn't seem like a big
deal to
you but to me it's a pretty big deal
because I live near an airport it's a
small airport you know it's just a local
Regional one but oh my God every single
time I walk out doors I hear an airplane
do you have that you know it's bad
enough that there's leaf blowers 90% of
the time when you walk outside but
there's always an airplane engine when
you walk outoors where I live anyway so
apparently they figured out how to do
some Echo cancellation and I think the
big secret was that they have to
consider the entire airplane as the
thing creating the noise and if they're
a little bit smarter about it at the
University of
the researchers think they can actually
make an energy
efficient way to to to get rid of the
noise that'd be kind of
amazing well here's some good news bad
news uh the good news is that for the
first time uh there are 23 inmates who
have earned bachelor's degrees from the
University of California um and they got
these degrees so I mean that's a good
good news imagine that the uh the uh the
jail system has allowed 23 inmates to
improve their lives and get uh college
degrees so that's the good
news let's see what were the degrees in
their Majors
were okay all 23 of them majored in
sociology
degrees well here again this might have
been something they should have
consulted me on
I mean I could have helped Disney out
they just had to ask and here again you
should have asked me next time just just
drop me a call you know where to find me
and uh say uh can we fix these prisoners
lives by giving them degrees in
sociology and I would have said you know
there are two things that are make it
hard to get a job one is a criminal
record and the other is a sociology
degree you don't want to punish them
twice I feel like there's some kind of
Double Jeopardy situation here they
maybe have a lawsuit not only did you
put me in jail for the crime but then
you made me get a sociology degree well
they didn't make them but you know it's
funnier that
way yeah I can't think of a a less
useful thing to do than give sociology
degrees to
Mees
so anyway uh there's a new budget that's
being worked over by the thing we call
our government but indeed is really our
enemy if it were our government it would
sometimes work in our favor it would do
things we like instead it's decided to
spend us into Oblivion and I say to
myself well who does that does your
friend take all of your money
involuntarily and spend it on
until you're all broke and poor and die
of starvation is that what friends do is
that what a government would do if it's
working for you no no so the government
is obviously full-blown enemy at this
point and they're stealing your money
and they're telling you directly they're
going to throw it all
away now the biggest thing that they're
spending money on is Obamacare
apparently is outrageously expensive so
many people are signing up and
especially free health care and uh of
course some of that is for the migrants
but that's not the biggest part and so
the Medicare is going up and the student
debt is being paid off and you got your
military budgets and oh we're going to
be trillions of dollars more in debt and
there's nobody who gives a about it
who works for the government and has any
power apparently so we've designed a
system which can only lead to
ruin that is to say we've created some
kind of a government where if they say
I'd like to cut some budget they'll lose
their
job right they'll lose their job but if
they say well how about we'll be okay if
you spend money on your thing if you're
okay if we spend money on our thing and
we'll kick the can down the road and
maybe we'll both be dead before the
whole country comes to a
crash that they can do but they can't
say no to
spending can't do that our system
doesn't allow it we you know they can't
keep their job if they do it so we've
designed a system that on paper just on
paper forget about forget about people
being you know criminal forget about
people being incompetent it's not really
about that this is actually a system
that if you were to draw it up on paper
and show it to me ahead of time say how
do you think this will go and I'd say
all right so if they spend too much of
the people's money they'll get fired
right no no no it works the other way if
they don't spend all of the people's
money plus money the people don't even
have but will have to pay later if you
don't do that you'll lose your job and
then I'd look at it and say well isn't
that exactly the opposite of a good
system I would think a good system on
paper would say that if if you overspend
the people's money you'd you'd have the
penalty of some kind no no it's the
opposite if you overspend the people's
money you get to claim you did that in
your campaign and you'll get reelected I
brought you money for this and that I
increased your welfare I increased your
Medicare yeah we want you in office
you're you're our
person
so how do we ever recover from this is
it distressing to you that not only is
there not an obvious way out but there's
literally nobody in the
government none who have told you okay
there is a way out this is what it looks
like now here's something I plan to talk
to uh Michael Ian Black tomorrow about
uh you probably know him from Twitter
and from the comedy world and he agreed
to talk to me on the question of uh if I
think all the news is fake which I've
said how do I know what's
true and on one hand it looks like a
sort of a provocative question by
somebody who's you know opposite
political
uh preferences and he does have pretty
much opposite political preferences but
it's also a good question it's a good
question and let me give you part of the
answer I'll give a longer answer when I
talk to him so I'll be talking to him at
uh Tuesday
tomorrow uh assuming it happens it'll be
11:00 a.m. my time 2: p.m eastern time
it'll be live and I will explain to him
how I know what's true and what isn't
I'll give you an example
um when President Trump was asked about
how to handle this deficit he said he
prefers using growth in other words you
improve the
GDP then you have more taxes you know in
the natural way because people made more
money and then you use the extra taxes
to pay down the debt bada boom now if
you did not know anything about business
and economics and had not been paying
attention you'd say to yourself well
that sounds great wait a minute you're
saying that everybody gets richer
because the GDP is better but also it
pays down the debt it solves all of our
problems and you can give that to us wow
I'm all
in well that's what you'd say if you
didn't have a background in economics if
you did you would say to yourself
something like that like this you might
say you know that sounds like a heck of
a good plan if our total debt were in
the range of $1
trillion and maybe we're adding to it at
let's say one or two 200 billion a
year we were in that situation under
that situation yeah you actually you
might be able to grow out of it that's
actually a real thing you know with with
a little bit of inflation and Etc you
could probably grow out of it you can't
do it at 35
trillion you can't GDP your way out of a
35 trillion dollar debt that there
there's nobody who studied economics for
five minutes who thinks that's possible
possible but whoever asked the question
probably didn't know the difference and
so Trump gets to say that and move on
here's the only thing I can see as a
potential solution and by the way before
I get you all
gloomy I will remind you that this would
not be the first time we see a gigantic
problem ahead that will kill us for sure
remember when we were all going to run
out of food didn't happen remember in
the 70s we were all going to run out of
oil nope tons of oil do you remember
when the ozone uh was going to open up
and Fry us didn't happen do you remember
when uh there was definitely going to be
a nuclear war sooner or later with
Russia there was just no way to avoid it
it was going to happen nope didn't
happen so we've been through you know
countless there's no way out situations
yeah now we got climate change some say
Etc so it's pretty normal
have you know world-ending problems that
we just figure out and I call this the
Adam's law of slow moving
disasters where it's not obvious that
you could ever solve it and that but if
you have enough time and enough people
are focusing on it they do now this
would be I hope one of
those I hope it's one of those and let
me just throw out some ideas of how it
could
happen if one of your biggest expenses
is doctors what happens when AI is a
better doctor than your doctor and a
robot is as coordinated as a doctor and
could put a Band-Aid on you set a broken
bone give you a shot what happens then
well I would argue that we're on the
cuss maybe five years away from a health
care cost dropping too close to nothing
except for hospital stays so you still
need insurance for a hospital stay but
you might not need any doctoring or any
doctor visits ever again once your robot
can do it for
you that's a real thing in fact it's far
more likely to happen than not almost
guaranteed really because um if you
haven't experimented with AI try asking
AI a medical question now you can't
trust it completely because you know you
still have some hallucinating but I've
I've gone through this experiment
you know asking it a multivariable what
if this what if that you know situation
it's
great now it can't it can't yet write a
prescription but one imagines that'll
get fixed you know one way or another
that'll get fixed maybe there's some
human who has to sign off or something
but eventually your robot will be able
to diagnose you maybe run some tests you
know with some inhome equipment you know
you could test blood pressure and some
easy stuff maybe even test blood you
know some years ago I saw a technology
that would allow you to do blood tests
without putting a needle in you and
taking out blood I don't know if it
worked but the idea was it was little uh
like a piece of adhesive that had little
spikes in it so you just put the
adhesive on your arm and it would go in
just deep enough to get a little bit of
something and you take it off like a
bandid and your arm looks fine and you
just put it in the machine it was so
sensitive that it would it would be
whole range of blood tests and it would
just be a tabletop device you could
actually have one at home you know or
you could have one for the neighborhood
or something like that so if you combine
the fact that medical equipment is going
to keep dropping in price and be in your
home you add that to a robot with AI
that'll be better than the best doctor
it's its sense of even even doing stuff
like reading X-rays I wouldn't be
surprised if you have something like an
Imaging device in your home at some
point you have some kind of handheld
robot related thing and they can use AI
to figure out what's inside your body
have you seen the the experiments where
the robot can read Wi-Fi signals and
they can figure out where the people are
in the
house and the reason it can do it is
it's good at pattern recognition so you
can just have a look at a Wi-Fi signal
from a house and it can draw a picture
of the shapes of the people in the house
and where they are and what they're
doing doing did you know
that now take that it can take WiFi
signals and figure out where you are and
actually show an outline of you in your
actual physical space inside a
house now imagine you take that
technology put it into a handheld
Imaging device I don't know what kind it
would be but it wouldn't be as good as
let's say an MRI you know an MRI you
gotta it's this big machine you got to
be inside the tube and all that but
that's because the MRI has to take a
clean
picture what if the robot doesn't need a
clean picture mean much the way uses
Wi-Fi and it figures out what the
picture would look like maybe you could
use a much less sensitive uh Imaging
device just hold it up to the person
like a like a Star Trek thing and it
does some Imaging but it's not that
great but the robot can figure it out
because it doesn't need to be great for
the robot and oh there's a
so you're going to have doctoring
expenses will go under a
major
overall um at the same
time at the same time the there's going
to be a once ever shift into a robot AI
economy uh if Elon Musk is correct there
will be 20 billion robots and that's not
counting the AI that would be you know
often separate from the robots so we're
looking at a once ever massive increase
in
GDP unless it also causes massive
unemployment so we don't know what the
net is but usually the net is positive
or at least we'll make sure it make sure
it's positive so we might have a
onever uh organic increase in taxes and
GDP but I've got something a little more
interesting here will be the weirdest um
prediction yet you ready weird
prediction that when you first hear it
you'll just dismiss it at a hand and in
10 or 20 years when it's the reality
you're going to say my God only one
person got that and here it is in the
future humans will not be taxed only
robots that's it the only tax will be on
robots so if you don't have one you
won't have any taxes if you if you
happen to be poor no taxes but that's
pretty similar to now right you don't
pay much taxes if you're poor if you're
rich and you can afford a robot it'll be
like a property tax or maybe even a
income tax because if I when robots
become legal I'm not going to get just
one you know because I have resources so
I'm going to get one for the house but
I'm going to give five to rent
out now I won't have to keep them in my
garage or anything there'll just be some
company by then that says hey if you buy
five of these robots you we'll we'll
organize sending them out to work for
people day labor that sort of thing it
will just give you a percentage and then
I'll pay income
tax on the robot's
work I do think we'll get to the point
where only robots pay
taxes and maybe it's enough to pay off
the
debt so here's the bottom line we've
never
probably never been in a situation where
the entire economy was going to
transform so
fundamentally you know even the
Industrial Revolution and even you know
even the introduction of computers and
smartphones which seem gigantic in their
day might look minor compared to robots
and AI you know remember every car is
going to get replaced with a
self-driving car it's pretty much
guaranteed the the the size and scope
with the change that's coming is not
even something you can hold in your
brain then on top of that I think we're
guaranteed to build brand new cities and
that's going to be a huge driver of
Economics so maybe there there are
enough moving parts that if we did all
that and maybe introduced a
cryptocurrency here here's what I think
might happen I think the government
might introduce a brand new
cryptocurrency and say on day one it
only has one
purpose day one one purpose we're going
to exchange it for the dollars that we
owe people and we're going to only pay
them in crypto so if you have if you
have US Government
debt you'll get fully paid off but only
in this crypto that we made out of
nothing and we just magically said it's
worth A1 trillion
dollar now you might say but Scott I
don't want you're a stupid crypto what
if nobody Tak takes it if I get a dollar
I know I can buy something but if you
give you know your brand new magic
crypto who's going to take that and the
answer is the US
government that they can create the
money but they also become the demand
for the same money and they have a
gigantic demand so you could always
trade your crypto for a dollar to
somebody who wants to use a use a dollar
for something else and somebody else
needs the crypto to pay their
taxes so does that work
I don't know but I also don't know why
it wouldn't
work I'm not sure it works but I can't
really think of a reason why it wouldn't
and so it's because I don't know enough
about crypto obviously but correct me if
I'm wrong but crypto does make a thing
out of nothing right you just have to
agree it's a thing if everybody agrees
it's a thing it's a thing and if the
government says we will always accept it
and payment of
taxes they created
value now I don't know if that would
cause massive
inflation or or would it be that if you
siloed it off just for debt payment or
tax payment it doesn't because paying
your taxes doesn't increase inflation
right right it's buying stuff that
increases inflation not paying your
taxes so if you siloed it off at least
in the beginning and said the only thing
you can do this is pay taxes and then
other people say you know what if you've
got that
crypto and I can use it to pay taxes but
you can't use it for anything
else and you don't have enough taxes
that you need to pay I'll buy your
crypto but I'll only pay you 95 cents on
a dollar and you go oh well I could get
a dollar out of a dollar if I use it to
pay my own taxes but I'd rather have the
cash so you trade me and I get 5% off of
my taxes effectively you get cash and
there was no inflation was
there because it's the same amount of
cash yeah as long as I use it to pay the
taxes I think there's no inflation all
right so just I don't know if any of
those ideas are good I'm just telling
you that there are enough variables in
play that the atams law of slow moving
disasters probably will work if I had to
bet on it we're going to be okay I just
don't know the exact way it'll
happen all right we know that the Biden
Administration not in the not too
distant past as to Amazon to suppress
books that were vaccine critical
including ones that were just sort of
generally critical of vaccines in
general including ones written by
doctors and including ones that had
studies in it that were just valid
scientific
studies that's a real thing that
happened and and and Trump's going into
a debate in which Biden is going to say
that Trump is the one who is trying to
get rid of your
democracy I'm pretty sure Trump never
tried to ban any books well except the
kids right yeah the conservatives like
to ban books that are sexual to kids and
then the the uh Democrats like to say
you're a book
Banner you leaving out the important
part it was pornographic stuff for
children who we wanted to ban that's all
we wanted to ban
all
right here's the real problem with that
the problem is not that books were
banned although that seems like a
problem doesn't it there's a much bigger
problem do you see
it the problem is that the people on the
political left the
Democrats believe they knew the
truth and that the other people don't
have
truth that's the problem
the the fact that they acted on it is
just how we know it but the problem is
that there's one side who believes
they're getting accurate information
about things which means that they
believe science is
real maybe it used to be and they
believe that you know their politicians
are telling them the truth that's a big
problem let me tell you why science
isn't real if you haven't thought of
this yourself you're going to be really
mad that it took me to explain
it why were there so many doctors who
were unwilling to be independent during
the pandemic well it turns out that
almost all doctors have bosses now that
was something that snuck up on us you
always I always think of my doctor as
somewhat independent you know it's their
own business but not really they have to
have permission to work at hospitals and
they usually work for hospitals so most
doctors had a boss if you have a boss
and it's part of a larger entity what
does the larger ENT have to do in all
situations in all situations a larger
entity especially if they have
stockholders they have to do what will
make them money so they have to go with
a popular narrative that comes from
their government they can't take the
chance so if you if you have a boss
maybe if you didn't have one you could
be independent because then you're just
taking your own risk if you have a boss
the boss has to manage their risk and
their risk is that there there's no
question you just have to follow the
narrative as a big company that's
responsible to
stockholders you can't take that chance
on behalf of the stockholders your
fiduciary responsibility as I call it
which is a duty to you know do what's
best for the stockholders in this case
your fiduciary
responsibility makes you not rebel
against the common narrative it's only
somebody who doesn't have an economic
Hammer over their head that can do it
and there are almost no doctors in that
situ ation
now how many of you knew that that even
if the doctors knew the truth and wanted
to say it they really couldn't they
would be throwing away all of their
education in medical school their
reputations everything yeah so on paper
there's no such thing as independent
doctors anymore on paper if if you just
looked at the design of the system you
say oh wow in this system design where
doctors have boss and the bosses work
for big companies and big companies
always have to follow the common
narrative it would be insane not to you
can't get
truth so we figured out a system that
guarantees that our experts on our
health not only will lie to us but they
have
to we designed that system if that
system isn't working well there's a
reason for it on paper it can't work you
want another one it gets worse
if you wanted to know what is a
Dependable study what would you say we
all learned this during the pandemic if
we didn't already know it you'd say to
yourself well the only good studies the
ones you can really trust would be a
large scale randomized controlled
experiment where you've got a you know
you've got a a proper prediction of what
could happen you've got a proper control
group it's all random and it's large
right
so there are two situations here number
one there are small entities who can't
afford to do a randomized control study
because it cost many millions of dollars
so if you're just a researcher and you
say I'd like to study this thing you
know independent of the pharmaceutical
industry I just want to know what's true
you would never get enough money for
that almost impossible and if you came
up with an answer that the
pharmaceutical industry didn't like
you're probably in the same domain of
science as that pharmaceutical company
you're studying because otherwise you'd
have no business studying it so you
would be in the domain in which if you
wanted to get let's say a speaking
agreement you'd need people like the
pharmaceutical companies to be on your
side so there's a gigantic Financial
incentive essentially it's impossible
for anybody who's not a pharmaceutical
company to do a large scale multi-year
many million dollar trial so that leaves
exactly one entity who has the
wherewithal and the interest to do a
larg scale
trial the people who want most to lie to
you the pharmaceutical
companies so in theory the way the
system is designed on paper again we're
not talking about anybody who's a bad
actor we're not talking about
incompetence selfishness nothing it's a
design of the system the current design
of the system is the only people who can
afford it are the people who want to lie
to you because they have a financial
incentive so if they do a large scale
scale study and it doesn't give them the
answer they want do you ever see
it of course not why would they show you
that they'd say the study was flawed and
they're going to have to do it again or
they'd be quiet about it so there are
only two ways you can
get well there's one way you have to do
a randomized control study and ideally
other people would do studies to confirm
your study I mean that's the real test
that can't happen you're lucky if you
get one and the one would be funded by
the people that you would trust the
least to give you an honest accounting
of what's going on now even a large
randomized controlled study you know
that could be totally rigged
right just because it's large and
randomized and controlled and just
because it's
peer-reviewed it could still be totally
rigged
that's why you would need to do multiple
randomized controlled St studies before
you really know anything if the only one
you have is from the pharmaceutical
company it actually has close to zero
credibility so if you're going to if
you're going to listen to your experts
you have to understand that even if the
experts mean well they operate within a
system in which they can't tell you the
truth even if they knew
it so when you have these idiots in in
the Democrat side who tell you this this
book is wrong and this book is right
they have put themselves in the
situation of actually knowing what's
true and what's not they
don't because they don't have any access
to the truth nobody does you don't I
don't we're all
guessing the best you can do in that
situation is let everybody talk and
that's the one thing that they tried to
stop they tried to stop letting
everybody talk by by suppressing books
on
Amazon do you think the left understands
that they don't have access to real
information and they can't even trying
harder wouldn't get there because the
system is designed on paper you can see
it any any engineer who looked at the
system on paper would say looks like
you've designed a system to you've
designed a system specifically to hide
the truth
that's what it would look like as a
design and that's what it
does all right Senator Warren
um she says Democrats want a pathway to
citizenship for
all uh
non-citizens what do you think of that
well of course that's bad crazy
stuff um but the only thing I want to
say about it is it's another great
example of Lying
Eyes if you if you don't know anything
about uh body
language well let's go back in time I
remember when I was young and the first
time a book came out and it was like
purported to tell you something about
what somebody's feeling or thinking by
their body language and I remember
saying to
myself uh that sounds a little horoscopy
I mean I was only a child but even as a
child I was like really can you tell
what I'm thinking by my my crossed arm
really you can tell what I'm thinking by
my eye contact I don't think you can do
that so you know as a child I I thought
it's it's fun I mean it's a fun thing
but doesn't really tell you what people
are thinking then I became a
hypnotist and then I started studying
you know more and more evidence about
this body language thing turns out it's
really
powerful people do signal very clearly
they signal very clearly what they're
thinking and what they're feeling you
just have to learn the language what and
the one that I keep telling you is the
wide
eyes so watch the Elizabeth Warren
interview you could find it it's all
over social media today I don't I forget
who she was talking to but if you just
you know look for Elizabeth Warren and
what she said about Pathway to
citizenship you'll find it play it with
the sound off all right play it with the
sound off and then watch for lie you can
spot the lie with the sound off actually
easily because her eyes are normal when
she's just saying things that you and I
would agree are true such as Democrats
want to give a pathway to citizenship so
if you look at her saying that her eyes
would be normal but once it gets into
you know obviously ridiculous stuff her
eyes go wide open her eyebrows go up to
her hairline and her and wrinkles and
she leans into the camera and this is
what people do when they know that
they're talking pure imaginary
but they want you to join your imaginary
world look at my eyes I know the words
that are coming out of my mouth are
complete nonsense but look at my eyes
they're so truthful they're wide
open yeah you you can see the lie with
the sound off honestly you can see it
you have to you have to experience it to
be able to recognize it in the future so
if you trying to learn how to spot a lie
in the TV politician
sense look for the wide eyes it's just
such a
giveaway well CNN is uh being sued
NewsBusters has this report uh
apparently Jake Tapper is in the middle
of this they they could be sued for up
to a billion dollars and apparently the
problem is that uh let's see
um the they said uh they allegedly
defamed somebody who was working on
getting people out of
Afghanistan so they didn't like him
because he was trying to get people out
of Afghanistan and I don't know exactly
what the problem was but he says they
defamed him now in order to uh prove
defamation you've got to it's got to be
intentional and it has to be with
malice so you have to have you have to
have you know something you want to hurt
the person
so so it has to be demonstrated in court
which is hard to do that the intention
was yeah we don't like this person we're
going to get them but then you also have
to know that the things you're saying
aren't true because otherwise it's just
a case of being wrong and that's not
illegal so being wrong is not a
crime knowing you're wrong and saying it
anyway and defaming somebody in
public that's
defamation so apparently they've got uh
the the individual involved here has
access to the uh internal
Communications and here are some of the
things that they were said in CNN's
private
Communications uh correspondent Alex
Marat who was called the primary
reporter on the story he said in a
message to a colleague that he wanted to
quote nail the Zachary young uh
 and he thought the story
would be Young's quote
funeral and he wanted to nail him and
then the CNN editor Matthew Phillips
responded allegedly going to hold you to
that
cowboy so that would be the malice part
so apparently they have demonstrated
malice that's a lot of malice there but
I didn't see in the story where they
demonstrated that they knew they were
lying and I don't know how they could be
found liable if they didn't know they
were lying so I haven't seen what facts
they claimed were true that that they
might have thought were not
true so if I had to bet I think CNN's
going to win that just based on what I
know but I don't know enough so maybe
there's something I don't know about
it CNN also uh had an interview with uh
so Casey hunt one of their uh
correspondents Casey
hunt Casey hunt
all right here's a little uh parenting
advice if your last name is hunt and you
have a
daughter rule out any first names that
start with a C
Sound that's all I'm going to say you
don't want
Kelsey you don't want Carol with a
K you don't want
that because when she goes to school she
will be K
hunt well you know where this is going I
don't have to finish that anyway so she
was
interviewing um Trump campaign
spokeswoman Caroline leave
it and when uh Caroline started saying
that uh you know Jake Tapper and Dana
Bash were biased people and the the
debate was coming up and CNN's always
been biased that Casey hunt um didn't
like the maligning of her workers and
they she pulled the plug after warning
her a few times and pulled the
plug so now here's the
thing were the claims
true because if it's true that that
those correspondents have been you know
clearly and plainly anti-trump
forever then all she did is say
something that's true which was relevant
to the
topic and and you know like Amazon and
like the Twitter files and now like CNN
they're not really big on hearing the
other side are
they not not so good now if they if they
say something painful you know like
against their colleagues I guess they're
not going to put up with that so they
cut her
off but what I thought was the funniest
part is if you see the split screen and
you see the CNN host and then you see
the the Trump representative
it looks like a before and after picture
of somebody who finally got their life
together now that part's
funny you know we always kid that the
Republicans are more
attractive you have to see it to know
how funny that is all right rasmuson did
a poll on who who people think will win
the debate and it's Trump 47% thought
Trump would win the debate and 30 7%
think Biden will win that's probably bad
news for Trump supporters because it
means the expectations are high for
Trump which means it will be easier for
him to not hit the expectations which
means it'll be easier for Biden to
survive I think we can all see what's
going to happen it doesn't matter what
happens I I can write the uh I can write
the MSNBC review of the debate before it
happens would you like to hear it well
the expectations for Biden were low but
not only did he clear those expectations
with his soaring rhetoric and steel
tight logic he was like a bulldozer who
destroyed that chaotic Trump who was
trying to steal your democracy right in
front of you but thank God we've got
good leadership in Biden who some say is
not on his game but he proved today that
he's got the
goods now that they would say that even
if he passed down and wet himself on the
stage it's like you don't have to wonder
How It
Ends there's something comforting about
knowing exactly how it goes no matter
what you don't even have to watch it you
could just write the review right
now all right but here's the most fun
story of the day Snopes which leans
heavily
Democratic uh has a fact check and I
don't know exactly when they do it
somebody did it and it might be an
update but but uh they now fact check
the fine people hoax as a
hoax they say it
directly that the president disavowed
the neo-nazis and did not call them fine
people now they're not all the way there
because they still say there's you know
some controversy about his lack of
clarity but they do say directly that he
did not call neo-nazis fine people now
if you're familiar with the hoax when
when people people find out it didn't
happen they always revert Down the What
I Call The hoax funnel and the second
thing they'll say is and it happens
every time well but how could it be
possible Scott I mean really if they
were marching with the racists I mean
come on if they were marching with
racists you can't really say they're not
racists they were marching with them to
which I say you just hallucinated the
part they're marching with them where is
that in evidence that's not evidence it
was a big
place you know so then I say I talk to
them I talk to them personally which is
true I talked to some people who called
themselves fine people who attended and
I said what's up why would you attend a
Nazi Neo-Nazi
rally and they said well we we live in
Charlottesville the local news said
there's this event about the statues
nobody said we couldn't go we had an
opinion about Outsiders coming into our
town and telling us what statues to have
we we hate the Nazis we disavow them but
we kind of like to have an opinion about
our own statues maybe all these anot
toown
people maybe should be up to us now
would you call them fine people I would
they seem like quite fine people and
they never saw that it was you know
limited to the Nazis I mean antifa was
there they knew it was a Nazi thing they
had their own reasons for being there to
be against the Nazis the other people
had their own reasons in America if you
have that many people who go to an event
you will have a little of everything in
America every big event gets a little
bit of everything so when Trump said you
know there there are fine people there
he didn't know for sure but he was right
and that's not really the question even
even in the unlikely event that there
not been a single fine person there it
was reasonable to assume they were that
was just a reasonable assumption so
snopes is not your friend they're still
you know sort of lying on a little bit
of this story but they do say directly
he didn't call the neo-nazis fine
people um so here's what's interesting
about that so somebody brought it to my
attention yesterday on social media and
I had not noticed that or maybe I hadn't
forgot I don't know but I read I
reposted it because it's now more
Salient because the debate is coming and
it was Biden's primary thing that he ran
on in 2020 so it's more Salient and if
you look today it's
trending so it's trending on X and you
know most of the big names in the
conservative prot trumpish world are
reposting it saying gotcha basically
gotcha this is Trump's thirdd
act this is the big one
now we don't know if he's going to
execute in which case it would not be
his third act but if he goes into that
debate and he manages to debunk the fine
people hoax and say look don't listen to
me go to Snopes that's a left leaning uh
site and you'll see that Biden ran on a
lie and in fact everything he said is a
lie but this is one you can verify
yourself just go to Snopes look for the
fine people
Oaks now
that would be huge now what else is
interesting is that Jake Tapper is one
of the um one of the
hosts here's a little uh inside
knowledge so I was briefly working with
Jake Tapper on some cartooning stuff for
for
veterans uh and so I got to talk to him
on the phone a number of times and I
wanted to know if he knew that that was
a hoax so I explained it to him told him
the transcript clearly shows you know
that he disavowed the
neo-nazis and uh Jake went down the hoax
funnel you know he did the there can't
be any fine people at a Nazi rally I
explained that Etc and the very next
time that he was on the A and it came up
in a little group discussion he actually
fact checked them somebody said he
called the neo-nazis find people and
Jake said on CNN on live air well
actually he he disavowed them in direct
language
so now that we know that um let's say
Democrats are maybe not as keen on Biden
as they had been especially his handling
of Israel is probably causing some
issues with people there is a nonzero
chance that Jake Tapper is going to take
him out of the race
tomorrow because all it's going to take
is for either Jake to ask the question
Mr Biden you ran on the fine people
issue
Snopes says it didn't happen can you
explain but it did happen but Snopes
says it didn't and here's a quote from
it uh I'm not talking about the
neo-nazis they should be condemned
totally that's the end of Biden's
campaign
third
act and while you assume that Trump
might be be the
Assassin if Jake is even doing his job a
little bit Jake's going to take him out
and not that he wants to not that he
wants to right who knows who he actually
wants to win
but I have a
feeling that Jake can't let it
alone it's too big
it's too important and it's the lie
that's been driving the country into
absolute
ruin that lie has to be fixed you're not
going to heal until you fix that we're
not going to come together until you fix
that now if you think but wait maybe
maybe Snopes took a turn back to the
right somehow nope I just checked the uh
the drinking bleach
chokes Snopes actually fact checks the
drinking bleach chokes they turn it into
disinfectants as true that the president
once suggested putting household
cleaners into your
body now that very much didn't happen he
was only ever talking about light
therapy which was an actual thing that
was being tested at the time which I
know because I was tweeting about that
very technology and I'm sure that the
White House saw it so they were aware
that there was a technology with UV
light injected into the body the
president very clearly said UV
light but he once said disinfectants in
the context of the UV light being the
disinfectant and that was enough for the
bad guys say oh I think you said bleach
which never happened and by the way do
you know how to know that didn't happen
without doing the
research it's the Scott Alexander
technique that's a pseud name for a
blogger who had great
ideas and one of them goes like this if
a dog bites a man well that's not even
going to be in the news because that's
ordinary but if a man bites a dog there
are two things you can be sure about
number one it will be in the news
because that's unusual and number two
and this is the important part it didn't
really
happen yeah there there's like a 20 to1
odds that it didn't happen so if
something is interesting enough to make
you go what what I can't believe that
happened you just wait a little while
and you'll find out it didn't the thing
that makes it so mindblowing is that you
can't imagine a thing like that would
happen in your
world and it didn't 19 out of 20 times
it didn't so when you heard that the
president of the United States stood in
front of people and with
um knowing exactly where we would be
like there no surprises nothing
spontaneous and and you thought that he
praised
neo-nazis you should have said to
yourself oh that's one of those Scott
Alexander things that obviously didn't
happen I wonder why people think it did
but it obviously didn't you you didn't
have to research it to know it didn't
happen you just applied the Scott
Alexander 199 of2 it didn't happen and
sure enough it didn't now let's do it
with the hoax
thing same
thing seriously you think the president
suggested putting a household
disinfectants in new
body of course he didn't nobody would
you you you should you apparently you're
not aware of the Scott Alexander effect
if you ever thought that was true you
should have started with well that
obviously didn't happen and then maybe
someday you'd look into why why they
thought it happened when it didn't but
the last thing you should think is I
think that might have happened that's
the wrong instinct when you hear
something that's that crazy you start
with that probably didn't happen then
you work from
there all right
um so here's another system design
problem uh apparently the federal
government
requires that anybody in the government
who comes in contact with a citizen has
to give them uh voter registration
stuff now the problem is that the
government comes in contact with a lot
of uh migrants who are
citizens and the law requires that
because they come in contact with them
they have to give them voter
registration stuff but here's the fun
part if they were to fill out the voter
registration and then actually voted
they'd be breaking the law so we have a
system
designed that we give people documents
that if they fill them out and use them
exactly as the documents
describe they could go to jail
it's and and by the way I'm not making
this up this was described in
detail uh by some woman who works for
one of the
states who was it uh Rosemary jenss she
says the this she says Biden's
immigration accountability
project um estimates there are 30
million
non-citizens and the problem that we
have now is that the Biden
Administration has an executive order
that all federal agencies have to give
voter registration to everyone they come
in contact with doesn't matter if
they're
citizens
now nobody saw that being a
problem nobody could work that out as
maybe a
problem
um I'm seeing somebody saying that one
the organizers for the Charlottesville
thing was a a quote uh what government
operative I I think it's pretty clear
that the Charlottesville thing was not
organic you know I'm sure they were real
not there were real some racists but
they're not really well
organized right and you notice there's
never been another one never been
another one
interesting yeah that was all a fake the
Charlottesville thing was was an OP
all right here's
U
uh here's um a little bit of a
persuasion tip of the
day all right so you may have seen that
Reed Hoffman uh who's one of the uh
PayPal Mafia guys and started LinkedIn
he's big billionaire and he's one of the
he might be the biggest funer now uh
maybe second to Soros uh for the
Democrats and also very active and all
kinds of political stuff so Reed Hoffman
you know one of the big big Powers
behind the Democrats but David Sachs who
worked with him on that PayPal project
so they would know each other really
well uh David saaks is now Pro Trump at
least in this election anyway um and so
Reed Hoffman wrote a very long uh social
media post to say why David saaks got
everything wrong now I thought oh this
is going to be interesting because I'd
like to hear an
argument that that disagrees with me
because I would agree with basically
everything sax says and or have and so I
read it and I thought who what's wrong
with this it's like it was just like
crazy talk it it was terrible argument
from one of the smartest people in the
game and I thought how do you get like
crazy argument from the smartest person
and trust me he he's one of the smartest
people you ever meet I'm like crazy
smart but it was just almost nonsense
when I read
it so apparently saaks had the same uh
opinion and he said this is why Reed was
dispatched to write that embarrassing
word salad of campaign talking points
they're
panicking there it is the word salad
have I ever taught you what creates word
salad the word salad thing doesn't
happen always just because you're bad at
writing Reed Hoffman is not bad at
writing and doesn't it doesn't happen
just because you're bad at thinking reed
hofman is not bad at thinking he would
be like one of the very best people in
the world for
thinking right and yet it looked like
word salad to me I mean that's exactly
the phrase in my head when I read it's
like God this looks like word salad and
sax had the same same take looks like
word salad
what causes that that's the number one
tell for cognitive dissonance what
causes cognitive dissonance cognitive
dissonance is caused by finding yourself
in a situation that is opposite of who
you are now this is my private
definition the the official one is there
are two things you can't reconcile in
your head but I go further that one of
the things you can't reconcile in your
head is about you that's when you really
get it if you just have two facts about
something you don't care about and
they're not reconciled you usually don't
get cognitive dissonance because you
don't care that much it's just a mystery
and you just leave it a mystery but if
it's about
you you of course you can act so imagine
this you're one of the main powerful
funders of the Democrats but your
candidate is a pretty wellestablished
criminal one of the biggest Liars of all
time who ran for office on the most
divisive and destructive race hoax in
American history who has clearly got
dementia and and his team is keeping him
in the
game and then you're one of the smartest
people in the world and you're backing
him see the
problem that that is the most classic
setup for cognitive dissonance there is
ever been you're the smartest person and
you're spending millions of your own
money
on something that might have seemed like
a pretty good idea in 2020 you know if
you were
anti-trump maybe you took some of the
imperfections with Biden and said you
know just like Trump supporters they say
we don't like everything but we like the
package now in 20120 that could have
made
sense you know I could see how a
reasonable person could get to that
point of view even though it wasn't my
point of
view but at this point as I've described
you you can't be smart
and a trump suppor and a Biden's Bor at
the same time because he's simply gone
it's not about politics the human being
is no longer Joe Biden whatever that bag
of you know organic matter is that's
walking around has no capability to be
our President we all know we're totally
 if he go does another four years
we all know that you don't you don't
think that Reed Hoffman knows that that
that Biden's gone of course he does so
he's got to figure out how the smartest
person in the game literally one of the
smartest people of the country has ever
produced how is he doing something so
obviously
stupid and what you do in those cases is
you almost never say I I got to admit I
was wrong about everything I'm just
going to fund Trump hope for the best
nobody does that it's just not what
humans do you double down and then you
started spewing word salad that in your
own mind s sounds right but that's the
illusion that you've created with your
own cognitive dissonance so the only
person who would read it and say that
looks
right would be somebody suffering let me
give you just one example he pointed out
that the job growth was much stronger
under
Biden leaving out that the pandemic is
why jobs were down under
Trump do you do you think that Reed
Hoffman didn't know that the pandemic
was what caused the job difference of
course he did do you think he was just
lying well I don't really have any
evidence that he's ever lied about
anything I think he actually saw it that
way meaning that his view was probably
distorted by the cognitive distance now
of course I can't read
minds so it would not be fair for me to
say 100% chance you know I'm diagnosing
him as having cognitive distance I will
just say this the setup of where he
found himself which is supporting a dead
guy that will cause cognitive dissonance
in every person in that situation
probably no exception the only PE people
who wouldn't have that problem are the
ones who knew that Biden was a Walking
Dead Man and but maybe they had some
self-interest and they knew they were
pursuing it so that would all be
consistent they would just be Liars so
lying doesn't make you a cognitive
dissonance suffer you you have to be in
that deluded
situation so I think so learn to spot
this setup so that my lesson here is if
you understand the setup a person who
found themselves in an absurd situation
and needed to explain it away that will
always cause cognitive distance always
you can count on
it all right saw a post by Jason debolt
to saying that over in Ukraine
um have you noticed that uh Ukraine
stopped asking for
tanks the dog not barking weren't they
like give us Bradley's give us tanks we
want tanks we want
artillery and I'm not hearing as much of
that now maybe it's in the budget that
they got but uh the point by Jason
debolt is that it's become a drone war
on both sides apparently and that a $400
drone can take out a
tank so you don't want to send a 10 Mill
ion dollar tank into a drone
War you can't win so if you have enough
drones tanks are
worthless you just have to have enough
and now it looks like the Drone making
capability of Ukraine you know with us
help is come a long way so at this point
uh ukrainians are begging for
drones and that may be all they need to
pin down the Russians permanently the
might be that they can never gain ground
and I would like to say that I am the
only person I know who at the beginning
of the war said it's going to turn into
a drone war and that Russia does not
have a gigantic military Advantage which
everybody said they had and I
said I get that they have more big stuff
I get that they have more soldiers I get
that they have more bullets and I get
that they have more everything
but that that nobody's seen a drone War
yet and that there's not really enough
defense against a drone War they do have
the counter measures but apparently
they're countering the counter measures
now so drone swarms are going to be the
F the future military there's no doubt
about
it and uh I'll tell you how I predicted
it so the reason I predicted at the
start that it would become a drone war
is years before and now it might be like
I seven years ago or something I saw a
uh Berkeley startup pitch event so I was
a judge at a pitch event and it was
startup saying here's my new thing you
know then the judges would say that's
good or that's bad and one of them was a
drone um propeller startup maker they
had figured out a different shape for a
drone uh propeller and what it did was
it substantially increased its carrying
ability so for the same drone all you
have to do is change the shape of the
propeller and suddenly it could carry
packages now at the moment we see drones
carrying packages somewhat regularly and
also Munitions but at the time they
weren't strong enough so seven years ago
your drone could you know lift up a
piece of paper but it couldn't really
carry too much more than itself and then
I saw this
new this new uh
propeller and uh after I saw the
presentation I said I asked the question
of the uh startup and I said huh given
that you can now carry payloads and that
you're going to make that practical
where it had not been practical before
is your main customer the
military now I want you to remember the
scene it's Berkeley seven years ago the
most anti-war place on
Earth this poor startup is telling us
how they're going to be delivering
packages and I raise my hand and say you
know maybe the more obvious application
would be
bombs you should have seen his
face when he realized that he did not
have the ability to prevent the military
from using this technology and that he
had just created death from the sky and
did know
it so one of the visions that I had in
that particular situation is that I was
about seven years ahead of you if if all
you knew is what drones were already
built you might have said to yourself
yeah but they can't carry much of a bomb
so if it can't carry much of a bomb it's
not going to be that big a deal in war
but seven years ago I knew it could
carry a big bomb
you know it was just a matter of time
for the technology to work through the
system and it was obvious all along that
uh Battery Technology was improving a
lot so if you had better
batteries and you add that to
AI so it doesn't need GPS anymore that
was also very easy to predict that it
would it would use ai ai can just look
at the
ground you know that right if you have
ai
you could lose its GPS and still find
the Target because it would just say all
right I have in my database what the
ground looks like from the satellite
imagery I'll just follow the looks like
that's Route 40 I'll just follow Route
40 oh there's a tank I recognize a tank
looks like a Russian one based on my AI
send a message back hey attack this tank
oh there's no communication but I have
orders to attack It Anyway boom tank is
gone all this was predictable years ago
so here we
are uh there's a San Francisco
McDonald's is going to close they're
blaming the uh new higher $20 minimum
wage now I'm not positive this is true
but when I was in business school I was
taught that only one McDonald's had ever
closed it was the Santa CRA one where
there had been a mass shooting and even
though they could have opened up there
was just too much of a stain on the
location and they decided to close
forever now that became the story
because it was such an extreme situation
of mass shooting that is the only thing
that could stop at McDonald's from
making
money but apparently there are two
things that can stop at McDonald's from
making
money I guess this $20 minimum wage now
as somebody said in the comments a
commenter uh went immediately to
McDonald's profits so that McDonald's
the corporation is making huge profits
and mockingly as a communist socialist
would do said oh sure they they they
can't afford to pay their workers a
living wage even though they're making
bazillions of
dollars now here's your next persuasion
lesson in understanding the news and
I'll tell you this a million times this
will be the you know 100 thousandth time
I've said it if you have background in
business let's say an economics degree a
business degree and business experience
there are things you know that other
people just don't know you can see
around corners and one of the things I
know is that McDonald's is mostly a
franchise business meaning that each
individual store there are some
exceptions they do own some company
stores but most of the stores are just
owned by the an individual owner who has
individual profits and does not share in
McDonald profits so if McDonald's makes1
billion
do none of that goes to the store it was
the store paying
them you get that the store pays
McDonald's for the right to say they're
a McDonald's and to get the you know the
support about all the technology in the
process
so a a TP typical you know leftist
antifa view is hey McDonald's has all
this money and they're being cheap to
their employees nothing like that
happened that absolutely didn't happen
fake
news you can be pretty sure that it was
a franchise store and not a company
store if it were a company store I think
they would have left it open for exactly
the reasons that somebody said but it
probably
wasn't all
right so I uh long piece but damn it I
didn't write down who's who this was oh
I did Mike Davis
so Mike Davis has a piece on why meric
Garland should go to jail and it's
complicated enough well complicated and
that has some moving Parts uh I want to
just read it so this is from Mike Davis
and he says that attorney general Merck
Garland is Prosecuting Trump for
presidential records he's allowed to
have under the presidential records act
so that would be the first thing against
him is why are you even Prosecuting this
now it's not that they don't have a
argument for prosecuting but I think the
smarter argument is if this were not
Trump do you think this would be
happening and nobody thinks that you we
all think it's only Trump right if
you're smart you only think that so
that's the first problem with Garland
he's going after something that you
don't imagine anybody would have gone
after except for political reasons and
he says while protecting Biden for
stolen stolen classified records that he
shared with his Ghost Writer for an $8
million book now let me explain to you
$8 million as an advance for a book is
just bribery because the Publishing
Company knows they will not make $8
million back on the book not even close
so I call it bribery but let's say
there's some other
reason the only thing we know is that
they didn't do it to make money you
wouldn't you nobody believed that Joe
Biden was going to sell enough books
that the publisher could pay him $8
million and still come out ahead trust
me I'm in I'm in the bookmaking business
I can tell you that for sure they did
not expect to make money who gives
somebody $8 million and doesn't expect
to make
money well there's something going on
there I don't know what but what it is
is not normal
economics all right then Mike Davis goes
on he says Garland prosecuted top Trump
presidential advisers Peter Navaro and
Steve Bannon for contempt after Trump's
valid claims of executive privilege
and yet Garland blocked prosecution of
himself for Condemned after Biden's
legal frivolous claims of executive
privilege and Garland refused to
prosecute Hunter for contempt after
Hunter held this driveby political press
conference and refused to comply with
the
subena and then uh Garland politicized
and weaponized the face act to persecute
Christians and protect bigots I don't
know what that issue is Garland sick the
uh by way sick how many of you could
spell sick as in use sick and dog on
somebody it's just the coolest word
sicc anyway Garland sick the FBI after
parents protested at school board
meetings while coddling homas supporters
terrorizing Jews on college campuses he
is Prosecuting the lead presidential
candidate for lawfully objecting to the
last OB OB last election under the
Electoral count Act of
1887 uh while Garland wages his own
unprecedented Republican ending Republic
ending lawfare and election
interference uh blah blah blah gar
Garland belongs in
prison and Davis says the house must
give him his first taste of that by
holding him an inherent contempt of
congress and ordering the house Sergeant
adarn to arrest and jail him which
apparently could happen it's actually
possible that the house um
sergeant-at-arms
could treat it as you know a house thing
not a not a larger legal thing
and could just arrest them apparently
they have the legal authority to do that
now I don't know about all of the claims
here but there's enough going on with
garland that does make me think that as
long as Peter Navaro is in jail I want
him in
jail as long as Peter Navaro is in jail
I want the Attorney General in
jail that's what I want all right uh
also in the law fair world uh second day
of there's these pre-trial
hearings um on the box the marago Box
gate stuff and the question is whether
the prosecutor this Jack Smith
guy was lawfully put into his uh his
position and uh the argument is that he
was not lawfully put there by this who
is it I guess the Senate has to do it uh
and therefore everything should be
thrown at because he's not lawfully
there so we'll see I don't know if
that's going to make any difference H
and then we expect this week unless it
happened in the last hour that sometime
the Supreme Court is going to rule on
the presidential immunity
thing um the smart people say they're
not going to say presidents have full
immunity for everything because that
would allow the president to break every
rule in the book while the president you
don't want that but you do want the
president to have the full flexibility
that if they're trying to do their best
for the country under the color of
office and they're generally just trying
to do a good job and maybe a law gets
broken that that should not be cause for
stopping the government and going after
them right away there is a process for
that you could do impeachment first
remove them from office and then
prosecute but you want to make it hard
to go after a president any president
who's just trying to do what's right for
the country but maybe cut a corner
right because you kind of want your
president to cut some Corners don't you
you know there there too many the world
is too messy to get anything done you're
going to cut a corner so if the most you
know the most important person in the
country is the only one who can't cut a
corner in a world where you just always
have to that's a big problem so I think
the Supreme Court I'm going to I'll
agree with the smart people who say that
they'll probably uh cut the baby in half
and say that he can't be prosecuted
while he's in office for doing things
that are official but that if it's
purely personal maybe
yes I'd be happy with
that Boris Johnson is insisting it's not
his fault that there's a war in Ukraine
although he's blamed for being the one
who tried to stop peace talks he says
that's not the
case um and he says that the people of
Ukraine voted over whelmingly in 1991 to
be Sovereign and independent country and
they were perfectly entitled to seek
both NATO and EU
membership does that sound even close to
the history of Ukraine that you know if
you spend like a minute on X the history
of Ukraine that I know is not a bunch of
uh democracy loving people who got
together and voted themselves some
Independence I I thought the CIA staged
a coup put in a
puppet and it's all part of a plot to
get you know to degrade Russia and get
energy I guess so but according to Boris
it's all perfectly copasetic and those
people just voted for it but I would
argue that the people in the occupied
territories that used to be Ukraine but
now Russia has a control of I would
argue that they did have a uh a vote and
that they voted strongly to go with
Russia now you're going to say to me
Scott you're so skeptical about this
other stuff but why do you think that
vote held by the Russians was a real
vote I don't I don't so I don't think
that the vote was anything but rigged
however there is a dog not barking which
is I've not seen anybody say that if
they had done a proper election it would
have gone a different
way and I think I think we'd know that I
think we'd
know so probably even though the
election was probably there was a finger
on the scale there uh probably there
especially the ones who were mostly
Russians speaking and had no love for
the most corrupt government in the world
Ukraine they might have been perfectly
happy to be to be Russian I don't know
so you can't believe anything that's
coming out of the war zone but I
definitely wouldn't believe Boris
Johnson
all right
um and that ladies and gentlemen are my
prepared
remarks uh another great show I think
you would agree I'm going to say uh say
bye to the YouTube and Rumble and X
people watching right now and talk
privately to my belov it subscribers on
the local local app and uh I'll see them
in the man cave tonight and I'll see the
rest of you tomorrow same place same
time bye for
now
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for