pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
hey everybody I know you're all out
shopping or sleeping off your
Thanksgiving meal but you know some
things you just have to do every day
and coffee with Scott Adams is on the
top of the list here we are I think it's
almost time to grab your mug your cup
your container your glass your stein
your chalice fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee enjoy me for the
simultaneous EMPA oh that's some good
stuff all right I would like to begin by
talking about some of the news is
funnier than some of the other news
number one there's allegedly some kind
of a new recording of Prince Salman
didn't Salman and on it he is alleged to
say we don't have a confirmation here
but the allegation is that he's he's
telling his underlings to quote silence
Ashoke and do it soon now do you
remember what my prediction was about
bin Salman's specific guilt in the
murder
remember I'll give it to you again and
all I'll contrast two views of the world
and see which one of these two views you
think sounds right view number one that
just like a TV movie the crown prince
held a meeting with his his underlings
and he said look I've got this whole
caper planned what you're gonna do is
you're gonna meet khashoggi who could
drink him to go to them to into the
embassy you're going to bring a bone saw
you're gonna kill them in the embassy
I've got a I've got a guy who is really
good with a bone saw he'll be on the
team
you're gonna meet I've got the schedule
here's some here's some plane tickets I
bought you
so go kill him in the embassy because
that feels like a good plan so that's
one view of the world here's another
view of the world in which let's say
more of a corporate view of the world
the first one who is what I would call a
more of an Ocean's eleven you know sort
of a movie plot the other one would be
more like normal life here's normal life
here's the crown prince reading his news
on his phone man that just shogi guy
just keeps saying stuff we don't like oh
man you gotta do something about this
guy hey hey guys you know this just
shogi guy you gotta figure out how to
shut this guy up do something shut this
guy up done now if you're an underling
and you get the order to quote silent
somebody what's the first way you try to
do it well the first way you try to do
it isn't really the bonesaw the first
way might be to bribe him perhaps try to
coerce him in not in good ways but you
know in pretty evil ways maybe you maybe
you try to get him to come to the
country maybe you try to embrace him
maybe you try to bring him in and you
know once he's in Saudi Arabia they can
control him but if those things don't
work do you really want to go back to
your boss and say I don't know how to
silence and I don't think so I think
that you figure out what you can do to
make this work so to me this whole
murder in the embassy has the smell of
desperation about it meaning is
something you do is sort of a Hail Mary
pass last resort it's you know you're
gonna die if you don't do
because that's probably exactly what the
perpetrators thought they probably
thought if we don't silence this guy
we're gonna get killed and they're
probably right about that so it sounds
to me like an underling plan not really
a plan that the top guy comes up with
the top guy just says take care of this
problem the underlings figure out how to
do it without getting executed they
failed looks like they're all going to
get executed but could it be true could
it be true simultaneously that Prince
Salman ordered the killing but also true
at the same time that he didn't know
about the killing you know when it was
going to happen or that it would happen
in the embassy probably so to me the
most likely explanation of events is
that he had a general order out to
silence him and it didn't matter how it
happened
he'd just say hey silence them and the
underlings knowing that they would be
executed if they didn't silence them did
what they could and turns out the only
plan they had was to kill him they
didn't have a back-up plan or at least
one that they liked so so I'm not mind
reading what I'm doing is I'm presenting
two alternate explanations
they're both exaggerated of course but
one is sort of the movie version where
the top guy is you know doing he's doing
the planning and he's in the room and
you know he's all part of the operation
and the other one is the corporate
version where somebody says go take care
of that and I don't need to know the
details now that doesn't make him
innocent
no really but it does give him
deniability and so it is perfectly
believable in my view I'm not reading
his mind I'm just saying what is likely
based on what we're looking at and what
you know about the world it is likely
that when Prince Salman says I did not
give the order to kill him in that
embassy I would say that's more likely
true than not but he did give the order
to silence him I think that's you know
that that seems likely enough all right
you remember that I was saying that I
drew a diagram on my whiteboard in a
prior periscope and I said that given
how everything is connected in the
Middle East that this could be an
opening meaning that Saudi Arabia might
be getting kind of flexible right now in
ways that has never been flexible before
because they sort of need to prove
themselves as a good Ally they need to
try a little harder to make sure that
they're okay with the United States etc
and sure enough we saw the announcement
that that the warring parties in Yemen
are going to have peace talks I think
for the first time or at least the first
time at this level yeah in Switzerland I
think and that's gonna happen to next
month now why that's important is that
Yemen is at war Saudi Arabia's backing
the the government Iran is backing the
rebels and until Yemen gets fixed you
can't really fix much else because you
need Saudi Arabia and Iran to at least
not be at each other's throats to get
anything done and so the first domino as
I call it is Yemen meaning that if we
can get a good result in Yemen and it
looks like both sides are exhausted by
the fight so baby we have a chance there
if we can get Yemen to go then we've got
a little goodwill a little bit of
inertia and maybe you can get some other
stuff done yeah maybe you know maybe
Hamas maybe some other stuff maybe Syria
so I've said this before that the world
can't tell the difference between good
news and bad news
we really can't because we're so bad at
predicting the future that a good event
and a bad event
we just can't tell the difference we
don't know if that's the the thing that
happens right before the gigantic good
thing or if it's the thing that happens
right before the bad thing we can tell
the difference
I have speculated that the killing of
chisaki as morally reprehensible as it
is might have inadvertently become the
the straw you know the final straw that
allowed the you know progress to happen
now I'm not going to predict it because
predicting that everything goes well in
the Middle East sort of you know that's
a bad prediction you know that because
the odds are always against that but
we've never had a better chance that's
what's different so if you see if you
see your leaders for a go what would be
maybe the best chance ever that would be
a real problem which is different from
saying that ultimately there will be a
success Graham Glenn Greenwald Greenwald
I don't know if that how to pronounce it
writes for the intercept famous
journalist had a great article today
that I tweeted around now keep in mind
that Greenwald is no fan of the
president but he is one of the few
journalists who is willing to say good
things about anybody if they do good
things and he's willing to say bad
things about anybody if they do bad
things so in terms of you know
willingness to be at least attempting to
be objective I would say he would be
near the top of your list I'm not a fan
of him personally he's kind of a dick
you know I've had a little interaction
with him on Twitter and can't say I'm a
fan of him personally but his writing is
really good and so what he talked about
was how the Trump is the first one first
president who was willing to be honest
so remember he's not a fan of the
president and I I'm not I'm understating
that he doesn't like the president
all but he says okay in this case it's
the first time we've had an honest
president who acknowledges that the
United States has been friendly to
brutal killers forever that that's
actually just our normal existing policy
that we've had forever and it it's
unlikely to change but he's it's the
first time anybody ever was honest about
it and it's a really well-written
article and he he backs it up with lots
of examples of backing brutal people in
the past so that parts no larious and it
feels like it feels like they're
starting to be a turn if you see
something that looks like progress in
Yemen or even if they start talking
about it like there might be progress
this whole to shogi thing is going to
start taking on a different look because
the first thing that's going to happen
is the novelty is going to wear off that
sort of already happened so that the
spectacular nature of it you know the
fact that you could imagine it so
vividly and it's so so non-standard what
happened in that in the embassy you
can't get it out of your mind so it
takes on this great importance just
because it's unique and shocking but if
you look at it in terms of the arc of
history
totally normal
all right historically even though it's
an unusual way to kill somebody
historically totally normal
not normal in a good way but normal in
terms of predictably similar so I think
we will get over our outrage as we
realize that it's completely consistent
with history I think we'll get we'll get
over the president's reaction to it
because like Glenn Greenwald says and
he's very influential you know a lot of
people will see his article and and it's
going to be the help they'll see his
article and they'll they'll certainly
know that
I better make sure I don't have
something coming up here hold on a
second
nope nothing my company
so that's but there's another piece of
great news
just hilariously great news that I'm
gonna say for a moment let's talk about
China so the reporting which I'm not
sure is reliable at this point is that
the US and China are going to get
serious about trade talks at the g20 as
President Xi will be there and president
Trump will be there and there's some
thought that there's been enough
groundwork that there might be a little
bit of progress maybe in the g20 again
more good news that would make the make
the president's decisions look smart not
just marked but smarter than all of his
critics but I'm getting to the good part
are you ready do you want to hear the
funniest thing you've ever heard in your
life well I might be over selling this a
little bit but Hillary Clinton was just
that in an event and she did an
interview with The Guardian newspaper
and this is what Hillary Clinton said
about immigration in Europe so she is
talking about European immigration and
she says talking about you know Germany
and Angela Merkel and she said they need
to send out a stronger message that they
won't always be able to provide refuge
and support this is Hillary Clinton
quote I think Europe needs to get a
handle on migration pause I think Europe
needs to get a handle on migration
because that is what lit the flame
Clinton said referring to the rise of
populist like Trump and movements like
brexit yes got that right if Europe
doesn't properly deal with the migration
issue quote it will continue to roil the
body politic
so she went on a little bit by Hillary
Clinton just gave a full-throated
endorsement of President Trump's a
racist policy about immigration now I'm
of course taking her words for more than
she actually said but it's hard to hear
them any other way because when you see
Hillary Clinton saying hey you European
countries you better slow down migration
or immigration because it's gonna it's
gonna turn into nationalism and Trump
and everything else it looks like she
just agreed with everything Trump has
been saying on the very thing that she
spent the last three years criticizing
him for now I'm not talking about that
details you know I'm not saying she's
backing a wall but I'm saying that she
has now completely endorsed publicly and
clearly with no ambiguity whatsoever
tightening of immigration what is that a
racist isn't it isn't it racist
according to Hillary Clinton to act
aggressively to curb immigration of
people who are just trying to have a
better life and they're going to
countries that might allow that to
happen so Hillary Clinton just became a
trump supporter she's not going to say
it but it just happened here's another
question for you do you remember for the
past three years every time you checked
a headline in CNN you said that the
president Trump was a racist have you
seen that in the week kind of went away
for a week didn't it here's why well let
me let me make sure that's true I'll go
to the CNN's homepage and see if there
are any headlines about Trump is a
racist nope nope nope nope nope
nope nope nope nothing about that trade
war blah blah nope the only thing on the
entire first page of CNN that looks like
you could define it as racism and I'm
not making this up what I'm gonna say
next
I swear to god I'm not making up I'm
looking at the entire CNN homepage with
all the different headlines there's only
one of them this speaks to racism and
that and the title is Clinton Europe
must curb migration to halt nationalism
in other words Clinton is telling people
to halt immigration it's the only
reference to racist behavior is about
Hillary Clinton on the front page of the
CNN I'm not making that up I'm looking
at it right now
now of course I'm exaggerating when I
say that her talk about controlling
immigration is racist I'm making fun of
the fact that that's what people have
been saying about Trump for the past
three years and he has now been
spectacularly proven right how much more
right can you be then your biggest enemy
adopts your opinion is that as right as
you can be has anybody ever been more
right I don't think so now what has
changed in the past week that erased
Trump is a racist from the headlines
several things one is CNN and the like
they overplayed their hand by saying
President Trump why is it he's only only
making fun of he's only he's only
criticizing black women remember that a
few weeks ago they were saying why is he
keep criticizing black women and then
the very next week he praised Stacey
Abrams he praised Ron gillum's without
reservation he didn't give any negatives
he just praised them both as being sort
of awesome individuals who did a good
job they lost but they did a good job
and then he insulted or and then he also
praised Nancy Pelosi who if you had not
noticed is a woman and and again he was
not doing it sarcastically he was doing
it quite legitimately actually
complimenting her effectiveness
say he could work with her Guilhem Musa
ban somebody asked but the point is that
he was accused of saying things against
black people and women and the very next
week all of his criticisms were against
white males and suddenly the frame
didn't hold so now so now we have the
whole narrative about why does the only
go after certain kinds of people clearly
proven not to be the case we also saw
last week I think it was Trump giving
and his whole family giving a
full-throated endorsement to prison
reform which is very popular in the
black community and you even saw Van
Jones praising the President on that
narrow point and so and then you see
Hillary Clinton backing Trump's
immigration policy essentially so
they're gonna have to find some new
things to complain about now at the same
time you may have seen the story that
North and South Korea they dismantled or
blew up some important guard posts on
the Demilitarized Zone and you saw
videos of North and South Korean
military smiling and shaking hands now
you could say okay that's not you know
that's not denuclearization and you're
right but if I've taught you nothing the
direction of things matters more than
where you are where we are is we don't
have a denuclearization deal the
direction of things is all good so
psychologically you should always put
greater weight on the direction of
things that's how people think it
predicts the future
better than where you are and so things
are going well in North Korea compared
to any any historical comparison things
are going well and they trending
trending positive I would say that the
peace talks in Yemen are a concrete
example we don't know if they'll work
out probably the first time you have a
peace talk it doesn't work out you have
to work at it a little bit but it seems
to me like we might be on the border of
something good in the Middle East and
you will see that the president will get
credit for you know helping to tamp down
Isis you'll see the president get credit
for maintaining maintaining good
relationships even though there's a good
reason not to
you know the khashoggi affair you might
see him get credit for being in the
background pushing the Yemen thing maybe
because of Jay shogi yeah that may have
been the impetus to make this possible
we might not not ever know that we see
the economy doing well by the way let me
talk about the stock market for a minute
because one of the things I often say is
that when regular journalists talk about
the stock market or the economy they're
usually a little under qualified now
they're more qualified than the viewers
most most people who cover the news know
a lot more about the economy than the
people who are watching the news but
there still seems to me there's a lot of
context that gets left out so here's the
thing the stock market has taken a dump
in the last few weeks
what should you make of that does that
mean the economy is bad or turning bad
and let me give you some context number
one the thing you should know about
economics there is one indicator that
rules all the other indicators right if
you're going to look at all the
complicated economic indicators and
you're going to try to find what's the
one thing that there's the most
predictive it's not exactly the
stock market because stock mark is sort
of go up and down their their frothy the
biggest indicator is the rate of
employment if you can move people from
unemployed to employed what that does
for the economy is guaranteed to be good
I mean you could almost almost nothing
else can happen that will turn that into
a bad situation so as long as you have
strong employment you can look at the
stock market going up and down and not
care too much because it will probably
trend higher over time the other thing
you need to know is that the healthiest
thing for stock markets is that they
pull back five or ten percent every now
and then because stock markets tend to
get overbought and that can be in this
especially a problem for the tech stocks
you know the big tech stocks they can
either go way up or way down it's
typical historically for the tech stocks
to get ahead of the market and then they
pull back but when they pull back
there's such a big percentage of the
market it takes the rest of the market
with them so especially the indexes so
the first thing you need to know is that
employment is the thing you should care
about as long as that's good everything
else is going to work out it'll be
spotty but it's definitely going to
trend in the right direction next thing
you need to know is that this kind of
pullback is just completely routine and
indeed it's healthier if you have it
than if you didn't the worst-case
scenario is that the stock market just
keeps going up you don't want to live in
that world because that's you're you're
coming for a big disappointment that
because then it's going to drop 30% and
that's going to be disruptive five ten
percent pullback very healthy expected
guaranteed healthy good for the world
and that's how you should see it and the
last thing you should know is that is
completely typical for markets to to go
lower before the end of a year because a
lot of people are selling stocks they've
made profits on and there's uncertainty
toward the end of the year people are
taking vacation
they don't want to be watching their
portfolio so a lot of the professional
money managers will will sell their
positions just so they can go on a
vacation and they don't have to watch
them in case the case they have to do
deed to do any quick selling so what you
should be surprised at is when the stock
market doesn't go down at the end of the
year the most normal situation is that
it goes down at the end of the year just
like we're seeing all right now can I
support that theory like you know how
much do I believe what I just said well
I believe it enough so that the only
stock I was looking to sell I sold a few
weeks ago and the reason that I sold it
a few weeks ago had nothing to do with
the individual stock I had made that
decision separately the timing of it was
because I didn't want to get caught in
the end of the year down down pal if I
was going to sell it anyway I didn't
want to sell it in the last six weeks of
the year because the odds of the market
going down in the last six weeks of the
year are really high yes somebody just
said me too
so among people who actually understand
markets and follow economics etc many of
us probably trimmed our stock owning
positions around October end of October
that would be a good play you don't want
to wait until mid-november because other
people are catching up to the idea by
that so and by the way this there's a
similar impact before summer it's very
common for stocks to sort of fall down a
little bit in the summer not every time
but it's common so when you see the
media report on the stock market the
that's the context that what you're
saying is completely normal and it
doesn't matter that much compared to
employment if you get employment right
things work out all right
yeah my apple stock is taking a dump at
the moment but it's hard for me to
imagine that there's a serious
competitor to Apple so I'm gonna hold on
to that do not take stock advice for me
that's not a stock advice not nothing
you heard should be construed as stock
advice or financial advice please now
facebook made a interesting announcement
just before Thanksgiving which is what
you do when you don't want anybody to
see your announcement if you don't want
somebody to see your announcement you do
it right before the weekend or right
before a holiday and Facebook's
announcement was that turns out they
were aware that they hired a company to
to embarrass George Soros because
apparently George Soros had funded some
individuals who were part of
organizations that started a dump of
Facebook campaign so some Soros funded
activists were active against Facebook
and Facebook hired some people to
essentially out them you know to explain
what has arose where Soros was connected
to all this so he you've been watching
me
for the last month or so asking people
to explain to me why Soros is so evil
because I keep hearing it but nobody's
giving me examples that they could back
up where I could see it too for some
reason it was invisible to me and I was
puzzled by that why is why so many
people would be so sure at the same time
that that I couldn't help I was looking
at the same news I thought so a lot of
people tried to inform me and they gave
me lots of information that they thought
meant something that I didn't so for
example people said it means something
that when he was 14 he did something in
Germany and I said no that doesn't mean
anything to me personally that means
nothing people say he made his money by
space
believing and tried to crash countries
and stuff to which I said I get that I
don't like that but has nothing to do
with the complaint you're not really
complaining about that you're
complaining about him using his money
for political reasons that you don't
like so let's talk about that and yeah
the the best I could come up with the
best explanation anybody came up with in
that process was the Soros funds groups
that push for identity politics in other
words he funds things which if they were
successful would make the world a worse
place even though he thinks it would
make the world a better place
presumably and that I see this Facebook
example and here's here's where I feel
like some kind of a switch flipped in my
head between being neutral and being
anti Soros and it was that there was
this alleged grassroots movement to get
people to quit Facebook but the
activists behind the grassroots movement
were not grassroots they were paid by
Soros now in that scenario that's pretty
disruptive meaning that it is it's
something that if anybody else did it
any any other American if anybody else
paid somebody to make a fake
organization to take down a major
American company it wouldn't matter who
it was I would say that process is not
good for the system and so I am now
persuaded so if you're those of you who
are trying to persuade me that Soros is
evil I am now on your side it doesn't
mean that in his internal thoughts he's
evil the the evidence suggests that's
not the case meaning that I don't see
evidence the Soros is trying to make the
world a worse place in his mind and and
that his view of what it takes to be a
good world is not that different than
other people so my objection is only
that he's using his money to corrupt
systems there are systems if he was
corrupting somebody else's system I
would care less but if he's corrupting
the American system of democracy and you
know basically the ar-ar-ar let's say if
he's corrupting the operating system for
the American the American experience and
he's doing his secretly it would be very
different if he did it publicly if if
Soros said hey I gave money to these
guys they're trying to take down
Facebook and they're and the reason I'm
doing it is X I would say free speech
okay free speech is good I'm okay with
free speech and I'm okay with people
doing what they need to do as long as
they are upfront about it but the fact
that he's funding people and it's hard
for us to know who's getting funded and
how that's affecting people that is
unacceptable so yes I think that Soros
could be seen as an enemy of the United
States in the same way that Tom Steyer
would be an enemy of the United States
so if I if I wanted to make sort of an
equivalent class of badness I would say
that Tom Styer similarly similarly bad
now the two people don't have anything
in common right they're very different
very different objectives and you know
what what they want is very different so
I'm not saying they're the same people
I'm saying that if you're going to rank
their level of badness I'd say Tom Styer
would be sort of in the same category
somebody mentioned the Koch brothers I'm
not positive about this but my
understanding is that the total amount
of money the Koch brothers have ever put
into politics is actually small compared
to Soros maybe somebody could fact check
me on that
is it true that that the amount the Koch
brothers has done as big as it is is
small compared to what Soros has done
although Soros has also spread his money
to other countries so I don't know how
you do the apples and oranges there so I
don't know enough about the Koch
brothers to have an opinion about it
somebody says at least Tom Steyer is
open about it yeah so I'm not saying
that they're the same guy doing the same
thing I'm just saying if you were gonna
say what's the what's the level of
badness to it it's sort of a Tom Steyer
a level of evil you know just my
personal opinion I'm not saying that
they're violating the law as far as I
know none of them are violating the law
but in terms of trying to ruin the
system in terms of being actors which
are unproductive in a very high level
Saros Tom Stiers pretty similar all
right
yet Zuckerberg supports Soros somebody
said well I'll bet he doesn't support
him so much at the moment
what would Soros goal be you know that's
a good question so if somebody says what
is George Soros is objective and I've
been trying to figure that out too and I
will caution you that we cannot read his
mind so it may be unknowable what Soros
is thinking but I'll give you what I
would call the the obvious the obvious
explanation which doesn't have to be the
only explanation the obvious explanation
is that he made his money in very bad
ways and he knows it meaning that even
to Soros his money is dirty and that he
has too much of it and that maybe he can
buy back a little bit of moral comfort
before he dies
maybe he can put some good back into the
world because he may have some guilt
yeah so there could be a guilt motive
there could be a legacy motive
especially important to his children his
children and their children so if the
Soros offspring want to live in a world
in which their name means something it
could be that he's trying to do
something good as he sees it now my
understanding is the Soros got and
somebody needs to fact-check me on this
that he got activated during the Bush
administration and the Iraq war and that
when Soros saw the United States go to
war against Iraq in Afghanistan that
what he felt was it looked like Nazi
activity in other words he thought that
Bush I'm not even sure which Bush I
think Bush jr. was acting like a Nazi by
attacking in other countries killing
lots of people for reasons that were not
good enough
according to Soros and according to
probably most Americans at this point
and so it looks like Soros has just
decided that Republicans are basically
Nazis
so the weird thing about it is that
while while people are blaming Soros
were sort of being a Nazi when he was 14
which is not technically true he seems
to be primarily motivated by fighting
against Nazis now that's not wrong is it
but the problem is if you happen to be
an American you're part of a system he's
attacking the reason he's was attacking
it is because he thinks it's run by
Nazis you're Republicans equals Nazis in
in the soros formulation now if you're
looking at George Bush jr. attacking
Iraq and you say hey that's acting like
a Nazi it's not that far off that's not
that far off I mean we have the benefit
of hindsight right at the time people
thought it was maybe necessary for the
whatever reasons but in hindsight it's
some pretty evil stuff it's certainly
not a not a proud time in American
history that we destroyed Iraq and
killed however many people who are
largely minding their own business
so somebody says Bush was a Nazi
question mark I'm not saying he was a
Nazi I'm saying that according to Soros
and lots of other observers some of the
things he did with the military were too
close to Nazi behavior to be comfortable
with letting it go on so the weird part
of that was Soros is that he seems to be
have legitimate sounding concerns about
real evil that we would agree is evil
but he also has so much money that he's
funding lots of different things and
some of those things have political
objectives that you don't like and I
don't like but they're all different you
know is black lives matter are the same
as some immigration group in Hungary I
don't know they don't seem to have that
much in common so it could be that when
you put that much money
out there some of its gonna end up in
the hands of bad people and that's gonna
look like it's on Soros and it probably
should be so so that's my view of Soros
I doubt that in his mind he's doing
anything bad but he's clearly messing
with American politics in a way that
gives him more power than the American
public would like him to have and some
of that power is apparently secret so
his power is not only immense because of
his money but it's hidden those are the
two things that the system can't abide
we can't have somebody with that much
power and also it not be transparent it
would be bad enough somebody's asked me
if I'm mind-reading I don't know how
many times I have to clarify the easy
stuff but I'm gonna do it again for you
I'm not saying I know what Soros is
thinking I'm saying that based on the
reporting and based on what he's putting
his money into and the things he's
actually said that he saw the Bush
administration has sort of not see ish
and it would be hard to imagine any
other motive for funding these groups
than that he thought it would be good
for the world because it doesn't seem
like it could possibly be good for
George Soros do you think George Soros
is funding these groups because it's
good for George Soros that I would say
that's the weakest hypothesis because
he's 85 he doesn't need the money he's
trying to give away money he's not
giving away 18 billion dollars because
he thinks he'll make a profit on it all
right so if anybody out there says Soros
is giving away one you know 18 billion
dollars so far because he thinks he can
make a profit on it you do not
understand how money works that there's
no chance that that's true
there are a lot of racists on here today
more than if it's a is it my imagination
or they're more more racist on this feed
than normal I think whenever you
mentioned Soros you get the anti-semitic
folks who have the secret by the way I
here's a suggestion why does why doesn't
Twitter have a filter so they can filter
out anybody who has a cartoon in their
profile you know somebody who's hiding
their identity
there should be two levels of profiles
on social media let's say Twitter we'll
just talk about Twitter
there should be two types yeah one of
those types one of those types would be
you know a fake account and you can
follow anybody who's willing to let you
follow them but I don't want to see
comments from people who have hidden
identities when I don't if I if I also
had a hidden identity that would be fair
with me if I had a hidden identity and
my critics have a hidden identity game
on we'll all just you know do our thing
somebody said what about an of all
involves a special case because he's he
he presents his real identity with no
ambiguity it's just his his icon is just
not a picture of his face so I'm really
talking not so much about the icon but
it's the icon lack of picture plus the
lack of identification yeah there's
there's no idea who they really are so
if you really are a real person and your
real identity is in your profile either
in you should be in the picture to that
ideally but that part is optional I
think I should be able to block all the
people with fake identities who
disagrees with me if I could block all
the people whose identity I can't
determine from there
for me 85 to 90% of all the
unpleasantness would go away and then I
it would be my option whether I wanted
to see them or not somebody says I
disagree strongly give me an argument
for disagreement why can't I have the
option of not listening to people who
don't want to give me their identity
anonymity is Right know people would
keep their anonymity anonymity would
absolutely still be allowed but I would
have the option of not listening to it
so you have the option of free speech
which I would never want to take from
you but don't I also have the option of
going into a quiet room and not
listening to you you can't take that
right away why can't we both have our
rights exactly the way they're spelled
out in the Constitution I have a right
of privacy I can go somewhere and not
listen to you you have a right to say
whatever you want I just don't have to
listen to it somebody says I don't troll
why punish me I wouldn't be punishing
you I would just not be listening to you
why should you are why should your free
speech be as powerful as someone who is
willing to put their name behind it and
why shouldn't I have the option of
deciding whether I should look at listen
to it or not somebody says you do have
the option I don't believe that's true
you have the option of turning everybody
off and you do have the option of
individually turning them off I want to
do them you know in one in one fell
swoop so we do get people saying yeah I
wouldn't I guess there would be some
question about parody accounts you know
I suppose I would treat parody accounts
a little differently if they're labeled
parody you know have you noticed that
the parody accounts in order to stay on
Twitter so they don't get booted out
typically in their profile they'll say
this is a parody account and they'll say
it as clearly as possible because if it
wasn't clear I think they would get
booted off this
so I think parody accounts could stay
there actually funny most the time
somebody says don't block me please well
I'm not gonna block people just for
having a comic in their icon
I would only block you if you were being
a troll and you didn't show your
identity so any negative any negative
opinion I get on Twitter from a
anonymous profile is instant block now
it doesn't even matter if I like their
opinion I don't even care about the
validity of the open of the opinion I
just choose not to listen to it I have
enough opinions from people who are
willing to who'd give me their identity
all right
it's 7:47 and this is when I usually
stop and so I'm going to and you can get
in trouble at work for your views yes
you can yes you can get in trouble at
work for your views and that would be a
perfectly good reason to have an
anonymous account I absolutely support
your right to be anonymous online I've
been anonymous online in the past I've
had an anonymous account maybe you've
heard of it that's another story
so I'm completely in favor of anonymity
but why don't I have the option of not
listening to it you're scaring your
followers don't worry I'm only gonna get
rid of trolls I'm not getting rid of
people who have opinions and by the way
I don't block people for disagreeing
with me I don't know if you've noticed
that but I don't know if I've ever
blocked anybody just because they
disagreed that's that's not block worthy
I like the disagreement in fact I had
one this morning somebody disagreed with
a point of fact
which if they're right I'm gonna change
my opinion on something and so I've
asked for some clarification in the link
so disagreements great I'm not gonna
block anybody who isn't literally just
trolling for fun yep state you can stay
as anonymous as you like and you're
totally safe in my Twitter feed as long
as you don't use it to you as long as
you don't use it as a weapon all right I
will talk to you all later