good morning
everybody it's time for a
show that's my plan let's get our
comments working which they are
everything's working
today what a
[Music]
day good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
frankly you've never had a better time
but if you'd like to take this up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a copper mugger
glasses tanker Chels a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the dopamine did the day thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens yeah
that's right right now go
uh
Sergio says is coffee is hot and ready
just like all of
us couldn't be any hotter couldn't be
any more
ready well let's see what's going on in
science uh there's a some kind of
electron
breakthrough so Mario nles I'm
summarizing this from scitec daily but
uh Japanese and Korean researchers have
cracked the code to manipulating
electrons at the molecular
level wow I'll bet you were waiting for
scientists to be able to manipulate
electrons at the molecular level and if
you're like me you thought to yourself H
I don't know what good that is but
apparently it will create Ultra fast
processing and it will
revolutionize uh solar cells and led and
uh basically the world of electronics
might never be the same if they get this
to be commercial and scale up but looks
like maybe they
can in other
news um scientist John Hopkins
University have figured out how to use a
crisper you know the genetic editing
thing to uh create gigantic sized uh
tomatoes and egg plants H let's see gene
therapy to create gigantic
eggplants I wonder if a professional
humorist could do anything with
that uh let's see whose genes would they
use to increase the size of the
eggplants I can't think of a single
joke I don't know you know I was hoping
there'd be a joke there about the giant
eggplants and whose genes they use to
beef them up but I can't think of a
thing so we'll move
on here's a study according to study
finds men with excellent sperm quality
live
longer
uh uh you could have just asked me let
me explain this to
you probably the single most useful
measure of your health is your
reproductive
Fitness if you're a man it means can you
produce great sperm and deliver
it and so I think they could have saved
a little time on this study by just
going to me and saying Scott what do you
think people who have excellent sperm
compared to people who have degraded
sperm who do you think's going to live
longer I think I could have gotten this
one every time save you a lot of money
just ask me next time meanwhile speaking
of seaman a company called
Seamans this is actually a coincidence I
didn't realize I put these two stories
together but uh seens the company not
this sperm announced a $285 million
investment in US
manufacturing um now some years ago I
bought a tiny little bit of stock in
Seamans because I thought we were going
to stop w away from selling this kind of
equipment in the US and I thought H who
is the competition to Huawei so I
thought Seamans might be zoman but I
eventually sold that tiny little
investment and never made money on it
the semans just sort of languished for a
long time but if they're coming into the
US good news and uh Trump's also
announced some kind of major shipping
infrastructure investment $20 billion
uh Thomas Stevenson at the post
Millennials writing about this and I
guess there's a big shipping company
called CMA CGM that's going to invest
this so they it's investing in
infrastructure so I think that means
ports you know beefing up the ports this
could be related I would assume uh to
the fact that Trump wants to beef up all
of the uh ship building capabilities in
the United States Commercial and
Military that's a big big deal that the
ship building thing I mean if you just
look at the size of the
ocean and you look at the threats that
are going to be coming at us from other
ship building countries and it just
seems to me also that the
technology to just live on the ocean is
finally completely here because if you
had like if you built your own little uh
you know seaf fairing Island that had a
motor that could get out of the storms
and stuff and you had a tiny little
nuclear reactor you could desalinate all
day long you could probably you know
fish like
crazy uh I feel like all the technology
is here now to make the ocean just the
place that people live so I think
that'll
happen there's a jobs report there was
uh little little below expectation but
not much so I guess we added
151,000 jobs in
February um but the unemploy
unemployment rate Rose to 4.1 from four
and uh then the January jobs were
revised down by
18,000 so that's not ideal but
apparently people thought it could have
been
worse because of all the uh Doge and
tariff and all the other uncertainties
in the world right now uh I think people
we're just happy to see that it doesn't
seem like yet it's making a huge
difference at least in a huge negative
difference meanwhile uh Elon musk's
latest uh
Starship um I guess you'd call it a test
um part of it blew up but the uh I think
it's the I don't I don't know anything
about Rockets uh would it be the booster
that was successfully caught by the
Chopsticks again
and every time it happens how many times
does it happen twice um it's very
impressive it it's it's hard to get more
impressive than those giant
Chopsticks so that was half successful
meanwhile a Tesla dealership in Oregon
was shot up uh multiple cars were
damaged no people were damaged but uh it
seems to me that uh oh and then the
authorities arrested
uh a trans
extremist who was apparently the shooter
so a trans extremist now when I tell you
it was a trans extremist that shot up a
car company is your first thought H it's
somebody who was born as a biological
woman but then transitioned to a
man is that your first thought or do you
say to yourself H that sounds like
somebody was born a biological male and
uh transition to a woman
but still had at least one habit that
men seem to have more than women which
is shooting stuff up well if you guessed
the letter you'd be right
um warning warning there is an incoming
dad joke incoming dad joke Get Ready Get
Ready ironically it was the only
transmission a Tesla dealership has ever
seen boom
now if you need to explain that to
anybody uh Teslas don't have
Transmissions but there was one Trans on
a
mission to shoot up the car dealer so
it's the only trans Mission ever in that
dealership you're
welcome um so any moment I'm expecting
that truckload of Epstein files to be
okay I'm just joking there's no there's
no truck of Epstein files you're never
going to see anything new on Epstein
there might be a there might be a truck
full of things that are going to
shred but you still waiting every
Everybody waiting to see a picture of
the truck have you seen any pictures of
the
truck no I don't even know if there is a
truck I don't know if there are any upen
files but I'm not going to wait for the
any the good stuff I don't think the
good stuff is coming
ever speaking of the good stuff uh so
Trump is teasing that uh he's going to
release some information or talk about
the the two assassination attempts
against them and he says um perplexed as
we are about why we don't know more
about this and he was talking about the
number of devices and apps he said uh
you had uh one of them one of the
attempted shooter people um you had one
who had three apps two of which were
foreign supposedly and was the biggest
white shoe law firm in Pennsylvania even
though they don't live in necessarily a
white shoe area what's
all what's that all about is law what
and Trump seemed to agree um that he
thinks that something bigger might be
behind everything he doesn't know what
he says other people other people think
that that there might be something
bigger conspiracy wise so it makes me
think it a little bit too he
said would you like to hear my
prediction about all the stuff we're
going to find out about the attempted
assassins
nothing I'm pretty sure all the
information about the two attempted
assassins it's on that Epstein truck you
know and the Epstein truck of course is
on a
UFO uh that they keep in a big Warehouse
no none of this is real you're not going
to find out anything about these
assassination
attempts not even a little bit ever and
if you do it's probably going to be a
lie and then we'll think we know for you
know Years will'll be something like oh
it was the cartels or oh it was the
mafia you won't know you might you might
get a story but you won't
know meanwhile there's a story uh the
University of California
researchers uh they say there's a
paralyzed man who's been using a robotic
arm for months and he can move the arm
just by imagining what he wants it to do
how cool is that so apparently he can
you know pour himself a glass of water
just by imagining the arm pouring itself
a glass of
water now they they seem to think that
this is the beginning of something big
and that you know maybe they'll be able
to adapt this to some other people is
very impressive but I've got a question
does it work for every kind of
personality because if I had a robotic
arm the things I would imagine would be
more than the things I would want it to
do for example I might want it to pour
me a glass of water but it's not the
only thing I would imagine it doing you
know what I mean you know what I mean
right you know what I mean
so what would happen if you're you have
ADHD and you can't concentrate on the
glass of water but your your mind your
mind
drifts to other things you can imagine
that arm
doing again can we agree that all the
men got to the joke before I I finished
I didn't need to finish right as soon as
I said the arm does what you imagine it
does I think every man every man
listening to this started giggling
silently sort of like beas and
Butthead let me try it again it's a
mechanical arm that does whatever you
imagine
him
perfect anyway Reuters has some fake
news the uh according to Carolyn
levit uh they said that uh 240,000
ukrainians um in the US might be
deported uh that is apparently fake news
from Reuters but there there is a kernel
of Truth and that Trump said that
they're looking at some individuals so
it might it might involve some special
cases but no they're not going to look
at every Ukrainian in the US and Deport
them that's not a
thing in other medical news
University of medicine is trying to
harness this uh chemical that makes
cannabis a good pain reliever because
they don't want to use opioids because
they have lots of downside but they
figured out how to they developed a
compound that mimics a natural molecule
found in cannabis and it seems to be
good at pain relief without the side
effects and also doesn't make you
high so um I'll just say this which I've
said before I can't even imagine my
life without cannabis as a pain
reliever oh my God uh um I'll admit
something that uh most of you don't know
but the subscribers on locals do know it
wasn't too long ago maybe a few weeks
ago uh that I was just in crushing pain
before the show and it was stomach you
it was just a some kind a stomach issue
and I couldn't even stand up straight
couldn't concentrate I mean it was
really bad
and I took the
Cure so prior to doing the show I
completely eliminated that pain and it
took five minutes just five minutes of
legal medical use in California it's all
legal and in five minutes it was like it
never happened
um so for stomach stuff it's just
incredible if you ever have any and it
it works for all kinds of stuff and I've
used it I've also used it when you know
I got some kind of back ache and you
know you've done everything you're
supposed to do you've used your
inversion table and your your Advil or
whatever the hell you're using and it's
gets you almost there but
not 5
minutes with the uh totally legal
California medicinal treatment 5 minutes
you're you're you're right back to
action like nothing ever heard in the
first place it is quite a quite an
amazing painkiller doesn't work for
everything all the time or all the
people and of course there's side
effects you know you don't want to be
operating a operating a vehicle or doing
it around kids so there's a million
reasons why you wouldn't do it but uh if
those don't apply it's a real good
painkiller so telsey gabard says that
the Biden Administration knowingly let
hundreds of uh illegal migrants come
into the country who were had known
connections known connections to
Isis and now those people hundreds of
them the Isis connected people are in
the United
States and she said that in the Laura
Ingram show show now how do you explain
that is it
true because it sounds
true but what was what was the thinking
behind
that you know if if you're not a
Democrat there's a whole bunch of stuff
that Democrats do from hiring these
District Attorneys these Soros District
Attorneys to opening the borders to this
you know knowingly letting Isis related
people into the country it doesn't look
like they had any plan other than
destroying the
country I can't even think of what the
alternative explanation would be was it
well they were connected to Isis but you
know everybody in that region was maybe
a little connected to I was that it was
it was it such a d gooder attitude that
they're like well you know they're not
totally Isis they're just just you know
Isis adjacent they just have a lot of
friends who are in Isis can't blame them
for that I mean what exactly were they
thinking when they did this it's just
baffling meanwhile Trump has ordered the
uh re revoke revocation of security
clearances for the law firm that was
Behind the Steel dossier so Jerry
dunlevy and just news is reporting this
so that was uh you've heard of these
guys right uh Perkins Koy Law Firm so
the ones that had a close relationship
with Hillary Clinton and uh they seem to
be behind a lot of you know Democrat
Shenanigans so Trump just revoked their
security clearance why did they ever
have any security
clearance why did that law firm ever had
any security clearance why does any law
firm have a security clearance shouldn't
it always be temporary while they're
working on a project why would you keep
a security clearance after you've done
whatever job you're working on I mean I
I could see why you need it sometimes
but why would you just sort of maintain
it I would think that you would lose it
the moment you were done with your
lawyering for whatever the case was I
don't know so it seems right to me uh
the the law firm Behind the Steel
dossier cannot be trusted with American
Secrets that's for sure that that that's
just cause and effect one plus one is
two that's basic stuff yeah you can't
trust
them meanwhile uh you'll never believe
this
story uh Joel Pollock is writing in
Breitbart that uh billions dollars were
spent on services for homeless people in
LA and guess what hold on to your seat
you're going to be surprised by this
billions were billions of dollars were
spent on service for homeless in the LA
and on
unbelievably there's no accounting for
it I know biggest surprise in the world
isn't it no it's not you could just ask
Scott hey Scott I heard a bunch of
Democrats had billions of dollars
floating around for a thing what's the
thing doesn't
matter okay um now it's been a few years
do you think they can account for where
all the billions went Scott what do you
think oh uh let me research by just
closing my eyes for a
second unaccounted for unaccounted for
but what about the Pentagon and their
trillions of dollars uh it's been a few
years do you think we can go check where
all that
went
uh unaccounted for unaccounted for but
what about usaid and all its funding to
the 55,000
NOS um it's been you know years they've
been doing it do you think we can
account for that
uh close my
eyes no unaccounted for I feel like
there might be some kind of a pattern
emerging here I don't know can you see
it just as Scott meanwhile the Wikipedia
co-founder um somebody said this is not
brand new news but it's first I heard it
so one of the Wikipedia co-founders um
is calling on Doge to investigate
whether government actors have
infiltrated the online
encyclopedia okay let's see if I can
save them some time Doge Doge you don't
need to take this one I'll handle this
one close my
eyes uh yes yes foreign actors are
trying to manipulate Wikipedia yep yep
you're done Elon I got this one you're
doing a great job on
Doge but you know you could offload some
of this to
me I got this yeah
um let's see what else is going on um
you'll never believe this but uh Scott
do you think Hunter Biden's art is
selling now as well as it did when his
father was in office close my eyes use
my deep
research uh no I would guess that his
art is nearly worthless
now let's check in oh according to the
New York Post uh Hunters having trouble
selling his art huh I'm right
again now here's what I'm
wondering does it seem to
you that every Democrat organization is
just some version of hunters selling
art meaning that it's not just sketchy
it's obviously sketchy and everybody
knows it and you can tell exactly what's
going
on let me give you some examples
how many of these seem like they're
money laundering organizations the
Clinton Foundation the Biden crime
family uh usaid and the 55,000 NOS how
about act blue the organization that
collects donations that's all they do uh
do do you think that sounds legit how
about black lives matter with what we
know about it now what about uh what
about the fact that Joe Biden was doing
Auto sign and may not have even been you
know conscious of the things he was
approving that feels a little sus what
about those primaries where Hillary
kneecapped Bernie Sanders once and then
then Biden got forced out and nothing
happened that even looked slightly like
a Democrat process what about everything
that's ever happened in
Ukraine doesn't that look like just
giant money laundering what about the
the LA homeless spending as we just
discussed yes looks like giant money
laundering situation what about every
single local city government the big
ones all corrupt they're all money
laundering things so they're either just
corrupt or they're corrupt as a money
laundering thing and I'm trying to think
is there anything like that on the
Republican side do I do I have a some
kind of a news bubble
problem but is seems to me that
Democrats and I don't say this with any
hyperbole whatsoever if you look at the
Democrats from the larger organization
not the voters you know they're plenty
of you know decent Democrat voters so
these are just citizens but when it
becomes an organization of any kind and
there's funding of any kind isn't it
always criminal as in 100% of the time
it doesn't matter if you're a mayor of a
city or you started a charity
or you're helping some poor people in
another country a little bit while
you're keeping too much of it it just
seems like 100% of everything Democrats
do is intended from the start to be a
money laundering
operation and it's hard to ignore that
it's it's almost entirely a criminal
organization that's got this thin veneer
of uh the theater kids uh acting out to
make it look legitimate but doing a
really bad job of
it anyway so speaking of uh Biden and
his autopen so what we found out was
that pretty much all of Biden's
signatures during his term were done by
machine that automatically signs for
presidents but if you noticed Trump
signs a lot of executive orders and he
does it in person and he does it
publicly but there's some question if
all of Biden's signatures until I think
his resignation signature or something
uh if they were all done by a
machine given what we know about his
mental capability at the time and how he
was managed by the people around him um
Attorney General Andrew
Bailey is uh demanding that the
Department of Justice investigate
whether Biden uh was actually aware of
what he was signing meaning what the
machine was signing on his behalf CU if
he wasn't
aware that means that somebody else was
illegally running the
government and that's a big
problem um and it would mean that uh
according to Attorney General Andrew
Bailey it would mean that the executive
orders he gave the Pardons and all the
other actions are
unconstitutional and legally
void now that could be
big because if we determine that he
literally didn't know what he was doing
and other people were just creating laws
why would those laws the executive
orders and pardons that you know the
things that came from the president why
would they be valid if they didn't come
from the president and there's no
evidence that he even knew about it now
it's
premature so it could be that if you ask
Biden he'll say oh yeah I knew all about
that and then we're fine so I don't mind
that they use an automatic signature
thing that's been normal for a long time
time but it seems like the right
question to ask because I think there's
some possibility that it was exactly
what it looks like a puppet
government well meanwhile I'm fascinated
by you know Gavin news trying to
rehabilitate himself and maybe trying to
be a national uh candidate for office he
doesn't have a chance by the way he he
doesn't have a chance of winning because
I can't imag imagine Democrats picking a
a a slick white guy to be their
Champion it just doesn't feel like
that's where they're
at but you know I give him credit for
trying something and trying the trying
the podcast he had Charlie Kirk on his
show and uh you know I I know there's a
there's a point of view that um the
conservatives shouldn't have any contact
and give them any Oxygen whatsoever but
I don't think it's going to hurt because
um because it really isn't
organic and I don't think it's going to
catch on the the the thing that uh
Democrats get wrong when they they
always use the Joe Rogan uh example and
they say oh Joe Rogan did this Joe Rogan
did that how long did it take Joe Rogan
to become Joe Rogan
like he went through a path in which he
was acquiring a whole bunch of insanely
useful skills that came together and
then years of doing the show with not
much attention at all and then he
basically through Power of personality
and just doing good work created you
know an industry that largely was in In
His
Image now he wasn't the only one who
made podcasting but clearly he was the
biggest footprint and the one that
created the the model for other people
so watching watching Democrats get
everything wrong so one of the things
they get wrong is that wait a minute
they have podcasts so we need a podcast
that is so completely off base the
reason that people have podcast is that
the podcaster is really good at it and
and the entertainment is good so people
watch it and then it gets influenced you
don't just start by trying to be Joe
Rogan like that that's not your entry
point no matter how famous or how much
of a governor you are it's not your
starting point like being being Joe
Rogan took like 20 years
anyway
um I saw an article about what killed
traditional media and it was a smart
article
but I thought isn't there an easy answer
to what killed traditional
media now on one
hand um on one
hand it looks like Trump might have been
the one who killed traditional media
because he's the one that taught us it
was fake news and turned it into really
the way we think about news and uh I
think it was an Awakening for at least
half the country to find out that the
new news was completely made up and
always has been but I think it's even
something bigger than that I think I
think the news could have
survived Trump and conservative saying
it's fake because all they had to say is
no it isn't and then all the people who
were watching it would say oh no it
isn't because it came on the news people
were just believing the news so they
could just say no there's no problem
we're not we're not
biased um but here's what I think it is
I think it was Dei
uh I think Dei killed the news and I
think Dei killed the Democrat
Party completely and and there's a real
obvious mechanism to it so once you
allow that Dei is valid you got to do it
once you've got people who came in
through the Dei
doorway um you're going to get people
who and you could see it in action
people who think
identity um needs to be in every store
and you're going to get a type of news
that people don't want to watch and
you're going to get this Niche stuff
like lots of trans stories and you know
lots of you know weird BLM stories so I
think that Dei actually crushed the news
business the same as it crushed the
Democrats the Democrats can't recover
from Dei it's a one-way trip because
even if they said all right we reject
Dei because the country seems to be not
embracing it as much as we want they
would just lose I don't know what 20 or
30% of their base and have no chance of
winning anything ever so they created a
situation where there just isn't there's
not a road
back um here's what
uh Joe Rogan said
mocking mocking the whole situation he
said quote CNN said that there's this
network of podcast for the right that's
that's this huge Corporate Finance
network no it's just a bunch of friends
you idiots we do each other's
podcasts yeah that's pretty much the
whole story it's a bunch of friends they
do each other's podcast because they're
trying to figure this out they're saying
that they need that they need that on
the left good luck you guys cancel each
other if your Ukraine flag is too
small you guys talk about each
other for not having trans kids you guys
are out of your minds you're not going
to sink up together you're in a suicide
cult so
true so true but the Democrats have a
really good
plan for combating the fact that their
party is in complete uh downward spir
spiral they've lost pretty much power
and everything and uh they don't have
any leadership and they don't have any
good policies that the country is in
favor of um but they do have cringe
videos so uh the best evidence that
women are in charge of the Democrat
Party is cringe
videos have you ever been in a car ride
with adult women when a good song came
on the
radio they immediately burst into song
and sometimes they act on it and we're
seeing the Democrats just trying to turn
everything into a song so when uh
representative green was getting uh
whatever it was cast casty what's the
word he was getting censured by the
Congress so the the Democrats sang we
will overcome okay nice nice theater kid
singing there and then of course there
was the 22 Senators who did the exactly
the same little douchebag uh video and
then the Republicans just used it as
humor you know you're doing everything
wrong when your best play is considered
humor by the other
side when when we turn on CNN to watch
Scott Jennings it's because it's
funny now you can't lose harder than
that if the other side watches you for
the
jokes that's that is such a gameover
situation I've never seen this situation
where I literally if I'm going through
if I'm clicking through the
news and I see Scott Jennings sitting
there at a panel oh I
stop I go okay yeah well I'll do five
minutes of this and uh and sure enough
he'll just be mocking these these these
idiots and it's just hilarious that they
can't put a glove on him and he just
eviscerates them in my opinion of course
if you're a Democrat you probably think
the opposite is happening but uh then
the uh there were a number of uh
Democrat women in Congress I guess who
created this video game dancing kind of
attempt at a viral video where where
they would all looked like they had just
appeared like they had just you know
cloned as uh video game players and they
would dance like they're ready to
fight and it was so
cringey so so
cringy and that's what they have and
then I saw also on the that same panel
that Scott Jennings was on one of the
panelists was saying Oh but you know it
worked because we got all these eyeballs
and we're talking about it on the news
and even Abby Phillip the the host who
generally is you know pretty much in the
tank for the Democrats uh even she said
to what
end to what end like what what did you
win and they were just like well we
attention you know we got followers and
stuff and I'm thinking to myself was
that the lesson they got from
Trump did they think that the only thing
Trump brought was he knew how to get
attention that's what they got
we need podcasts and we need attention
and then we'll be fine that is so far
from a deep analysis of anything that
happened that is hilarious that's like a
seventh grade opinion of what's going on
and you you can't get worse than that
making cringe videos with no policy and
no leadership and saying yeah but we got
a lot of attention for our cringe videos
so how about a little pat on the back
for all the attention we got for being
so
lame Bill O'Reilly says
that that Trump is bringing the entire
Democratic party to the verge of
collapse he thinks it might take 20
years an entire generation for Democrats
to recover same thing I'm
saying uh but it's good to have somebody
who's a longtime Observer of politics
say the same thing so I agree um but
here's here's a sum
so on X there's a user called Indian
Bronson now this is back from February
5th this comment but it's it's so
perfect so listen to this what's
happening in America is roughly
equivalent to the yearbook committee and
the theater kid types getting rocked by
the football team and chess club
Alliance now you have to think about
this for a minute the Republicans here
are a combination of the chess club
that's
and a football
team yes they they're absolutely a
combination of a football team plus a
chess club now I would say that maybe it
was only a football team in the past but
once you add you know your David Sachs
and your you know your Scott Bessant and
your you know lutnick what's his name
and your you know I I could go on but
you know the whole Doge stuff Elon Musk
you've got the chess club now so you got
the football team plus the chess club
and they're up against the yearbook
committee which is the people who
couldn't who weren't good at anything
they weren't good at anything so they
got in the yearbook committee and the
theater
kids that's so perfect that captures it
perfectly meanwhile uh New York Times is
reporting the ACT blue that is allegedly
a group which collects small small
donations for for Democrats is in
turmoil they say so apparently uh
without explanation seven top Executives
of act blue have left in the past three
weeks and uh several of them had been
there for more than a decade and none of
them will say why they're
leaving huh that's interesting several
top Executives leaving around the same
time and none of them want to say why
they're not even willing to say well you
know it's just I'm that age or it's time
to move on or I guess a better
opportunity just just nothing
um and the according to the New York
Times the last remaining lawyer at act
bl's general council's office has been
locked out of his email and put on leave
after sending internal messages that we
have whistleblower policies for a reason
uh
oh
uhoh there's a
whistleblower oh there's fun coming now
some fun
coming so more than $16 billion has
passed through act blue in the last 20
years um Scott do you think that act
blue can account for their spending
close my eyes look deeply into my own
mind no they cannot account for it now I
don't know that true I don't know if
that's true but anybody want to bet
against me does anybody anyone want to
bet that they have perfect records of
their 16 billion expenses and we know
where it all went or do you think maybe
huh I we didn't really track it what do
you think yeah it does seem like
everything Democrats are involved in at
an organizational level is doing a
little bit of good
stuff and maybe a lot more of something
else at least it looks like it
allegedly allegedly
well there's a report that Harvard grads
are having trouble getting jobs compared
to the Past uh and 25% according to
unusual whales on x 25% of Harvard
graduates from last spring are still job
hunting so that's up uh from 20% a year
earlier and 10% in 2022 per the Wall
Street
Journal and here's what I wonder what do
you think's behind that
do you think that Harvard graduates are
just not considered necessary you know
it used to be everybody who could get
one would get
one um could it be that all of the Dei
stuff has made people look at college
graduates and say uh I'm not so sure I
know why you got into Harvard what is
missing from the story is the
demographic groups that are still
looking for jobs
it does make me wonder if the Dei thing
has now
backfired such that if you were any
member of a you know so-called
disadvantaged group and you had a
Harvard degree and you walk into the
office for a job what what does the
person interviewing you think do they
think you you did everything that
everybody else did and you earned your
Harvard degree or do they think hm
sounds like you went in through the Dei
side door and maybe it's a little bit uh
risky to bring you on how many of them
show up looking like activists and
looking like they're
Dei um activists and looking like maybe
their social media gave away a little
bit too much about their opinions how
many of them do you think got turned
down because of something they said on
social media but it's not
zero so that's a sign of the times
meanwhile according to the Western
Journal Ben zoft uh Trump's agricultural
secretary Brook R Rollins is suggesting
that maybe Americans raise their own
chickens to help deal with the soaring
price of eggs uh I would like to weigh
in on the other side of that
recommendation I do think there are some
situations and maybe some states and
some rural areas and some families that
owning chickens would be awesome so I
don't rule it out but do you know what
would happen if you tried to raise
chickens in
California I I have a friend who got
some pet chickens because she was uh she
was allergic to you know cats and dogs
so somebody gave him gave her a little
uh little chicken and she loved that
chicken you know use it like a like a
pet and then someday one day she got a
little uh little extra what do you call
little
cheick and it turned out to be a
rooster now you say to yourself no no
big deal they're just pets chicken
rooster do you know what happens if you
have a
rooster your neighbors don't like that
at all it was it was a Suburban
neighborhood and the freaking rooster
would just wake up everybody at you know
the crack of dawn and uh it's illegal so
you couldn't really have chickens in
your backyard at least where she lived
and the rooster gave away the whole
situation even though they were just
pets it wasn't like she had a chicken
farm or anything but as soon as the
rooster entered the mix it was illegal
to kill it there is no place in the
world you can give it away to there's no
farm that will take it nobody wants a
rooster they are simply non-egg laying
things that scream at
you and so you can't kill it can't give
it away and you can't keep it it ruins
your life it it was an absolute
devastating situation because in this
case they were pets so she couldn't she
couldn't couldn't do the ultimate
solution if you know what I
mean so be very careful what um local
laws are going on and I definitely
wouldn't have chickens if they're right
on the other side of the fence from your
neighbors if you got a lot of land you
know maybe you already have a
farm chickens could could be great um
here's a small point that you wouldn't
guess about me um I've once
uh I've once worked with chicken farming
my uncle had a dairy farm but for a time
he also had
chickens and I remember one of my jobs
there would be to feed the chickens and
I feel like like I may have a false
memory about this I'm going to I'm going
to ask my brother later but I think it
was also my job to steal their
eggs but I I might have a false memory
about that uh all I remember is that the
chicken seem very angry whenever I
showed up if you've never seen chickens
close in on you when you when you walk
in because maybe they think they're
getting food or maybe they're angry they
are the scariest mofos you walk into a
room that's just full of chickens and
they start walking at you with their
little heads going like
this and they make that
noise and they start to surround you and
you're like what are you guys doing no
no I come in
peace and they just start getting closer
and oh it's scary chickens are
scary I
lived anyway be careful about in your
own chickens in in uh interesting
news according to Leah schaer was
writing wash wash you whatever that is
uh researchers in the chakra part lab
have created a a bird flu
sensor so it seems to work it's not
quite fully commercialized but it can it
can detect in the air um bird the uh
bird flu the the Aven influenza so
that's a big deal because the current
technology it could take you 10 hours to
find out if there's a chicken with bird
flu I think you send it to a lab and you
can get an answer the same day but it's
10 hours later which is too late because
if you allow 10 extra hours of bird flu
flying around your bird operation you're
not going to have much left if you could
get it in five minutes the first five
minutes then you can take immediate
actions and and maybe cut off the
problems so this could be an immensely
useful thing but also it
suggests um maybe a whole bunch of other
Airborne detection things would it have
worked with Co I don't know would it
would it have worked with some other
deadly pathogens I don't know but it
certainly seems like there's a
possibility um
also researchers that
uh let's see I guess researchers have
found there's a naturally occurring
molecule that does something similar to
OIC the weight loss drug but without the
side effects so Christa coner and
Stanford medicine's writing about this
and if that's
true um that would be great because if
we could get more people on either OIC
or the the the natural version of it
that doesn't have the side effects we
would need fewer eggs yeah if we get
people slimming down and less hungry we
don't need as many
eggs anyway uh Trump signed the
executive order creating the Strategic
Bitcoin Reserve we knew that was
happening and uh you know what I say
about crypto don't put all your eggs PS
in one basket yeah so crypto I only
think of it as a diversification play so
the
government's
diversifying um and that makes perfect
sense I do think there's a nonzero
chance that the value of you know the US
dollar will just deflate to nothing over
time and the crypto will just keep
climbing so it could be uh we might look
back at this as the thing that saved
America at the moment it seems technical
it seems sort of a little niche thing
and it's hard to appreciate the
importance of it but it's that
important we could look back in 15 years
and say if we had not created this uh
stockpile of strategic
coins presumably we would add to it
between now and some other time um we
wouldn't survive so this is actually
goes directly to survival as as a
country um could be a big big
deal meanwhile did you know that
starlink is not approved in South Africa
and the reason is because Elon Musk is
not black and apparently the law there
says that they don't want to do business
unless you have
30% uh black ownership so since that's
not really practical for Sterling they
don't get to have good
[Music]
internet so oh my goodness and according
to I guess uh Dave Rubin had a guest
Robert HOV on talking about South Africa
and uh the guest said that there are now
140 race-based laws in South Africa that
are all
anti-white 140 separate anti-white laws
in South
Africa
now
um what do you think about that
you know obviously I won't be
visiting if you're wondering where my
next vacation will be probably not South
Africa probably not but why is the
United States put up with
that um I think I think Trump has you
know he's he's rattled the cage a little
bit over there we'll see where that goes
but I'm not even sure we should have
relationships with any country that does
this sort of thing um so in the in the
short run obviously we'd be better off
if we could get them to you know modify
their behavior to be part of the you
know International order of things but
what if they don't like how long do you
put up with it I I I think we should be
certainly threatening to withdraw
completely you know any kind of
interaction whatsoever as in just
completely ignore them as a country uh I
wouldn't trade with them wouldn't do
anything with them
um because why would we support that so
so we're going to need
uh we're going to need some strong
actions there and we're going to need it
soon well the New York Times allegedly
interviewed a bunch of Mexican drug
lords do you believe that do you believe
that the New York Times just because
they wanted to could get a bunch of
Mexican drug lords to sit down for an
interview are these the dest ones did
they did they only talk to the dumb ones
let me tell you what I would do if I
were if I were a cartel member who
allegedly is they're all afraid of trump
now if I were afraid of being
detected I certainly would not agree to
an interview with anybody in the Press I
would just assume just assume that the
you know the the authorities are
watching this process and figuring out
who you are based on maybe what you did
with the media
so I'm not entirely sure I believe this
story but allegedly these uh these drug
lords are saying that're they're all
afraid and they're they're literally
shaking in fear and they they're afraid
to go to sleep because they're they
might blow up and they're shutting down
their
Labs I don't know to me that sounds like
fake news
it's it's a little too on the nose oh
yeah now now all these murderous people
who have been in you know violent
situations forever suddenly this is what
scares them
this that they live in a
permanently super dangerous lethal
environment all the time but this is
what scared of according to the New York
Times I don't know
it has that
feeling like um maybe we want to pretend
that we're making a big difference but
maybe we're not making that big of a
difference wouldn't it be useful for the
cartels to suggest that they're quaking
in fear and closing down their Labs if
in fact they were
not because the story the cartels
wouldn't want to get out is oh yeah it's
making no difference to our operation so
far and uh we're not especially afraid
because you know we're basically Brave
we kill people for a
living doesn't it feel like it's a
little too helpful to the cartels to put
on a story that's oh we're running for
the hills we're closing down things
because if if Trump can claim that it's
already working the way it is does he
need to send in Special
Forces think about
it if if if the United States was on the
verge of sending actual military on the
ground uh or even just using the drones
to take out more stuff um wouldn't the
best way to stop it be to say that what
you're doing already is working fine you
don't need to do
more so I'm going to say fake news to me
this doesn't smell right uh I don't
think that the New York Times could get
any kind of a useful sample of cartel
leaders to talk to them I just don't
think that's real and it does seem a
little too perfectly on the nose that oh
the things you're doing so far are
totally making a
difference they might be I hope they
are but you know the timing of it when
we're just on the verge of sending an
actual military in there to take care of
business kind of feels like it's hey hey
it's working you don't need to do
that just a
speculation meanwhile over in Denmark
the Danish Prime Minister it says that
peace in Ukraine is more dangerous than
the ongoing
War because if you make peace in Ukraine
that means that uh Putin won and uh then
he will be emboldened and he'll just
start attacking other countries because
that's what he does but wouldn't that
mean that the only thing that Denmark is
in favor of is Perpetual War
because where's the part where Ukraine
wins that nobody even talks about that
that's not an option so if Ukraine can't
win and you don't want peace because
it's more dangerous than War aren't you
signing up for Forever
War what the hell kind of leadership is
that try something different because we
know that's not working anyway
Denmark you barely deserve GRE
land all right that's what I got for you
today and uh thanks for joining
everybody always appreciate it um I hope
you're getting ready for an amazing
amazing uh weekend I'm just going to
tell you one story that I I told the
local subscribers just before we got
on or did I tell you sometimes I forget
U I use chat GPT in its uh sort of video
mode where you can show stuff in your
environment and I was trying to hook up
a subwoofer to my existing turntable and
amp now I thought that'd be easy I
thought well there's a hole that says
subwoofer and I got a cable that fits
into it and there's sort of only one
obvious place you'd stick it in on the
subwoofer so how hard could it be but it
turns out there were I don't know maybe
seven exotic audio settings in the in
the
in the amp that you wouldn't even know
how to find them like you wouldn't know
some are under speaker some are under
audio and most of them are words you've
never heard in your life but I actually
used chat GPT and it told me the exact
menu
structure on on my own remote I would
just show out the remote and say oh yeah
there's that button on the bottom right
you push that make sure that the the
pure button is not selected like wow and
then it walked me through all of the
menus so that one after another even
without understanding fully what any of
those things did although it would tell
me you know I'd say what is this and
they'd say well that's used for this or
that and then I'd say do I want to use
this and it would say well you could use
that but if this other setting might be
more ideal under these situations and
I'd be like really I'm learning all
kinds of stuff so I managed to I managed
to teach myself a whole bunch about
audio
technology at the same time I was
solving a problem like a real life
problem and I thought to myself man you
can't beat that you cannot beat working
on a real world
problem that you know has salience to
you and being able to ask questions as
you go it was just very satisfying
experience and fully worked um so in the
end it works and everything sounds great
and I was thinking about that for um
speaking of Harvard Harvard was always
famous their business school for having
a sort of a case study approach where
instead of giving you a lesson and
trying you trying to hold it they would
give you a situation all right there's a
company and the company has this problem
and these assets and this is what's
going on get together with your small
group and figure out how you would
attack this and then they sort of have
to teach themselves you know each of the
things that you would need to know to
understand the situation and solve it
and by the time you're done boy did you
understand
it in my tiny little uh College I went
to an Upstate New York Hartwick College
um they were also famous for letting you
design your own course you had to be
approved of course and you'd have to
have a you know a professor who was who
was sponsoring it so one day we had this
uh on uh a campus store it was like a
coffee shop where we there was
entertainment and stuff
and uh so I was I was involved in that
and it didn't have an accounting system
so must have been a bunch of Democrats
running it before I got there there was
no accounting for any of the money that
went through it for years so for over 20
years I think money had been flowing
from the the college to subsidize this
onstore campus or onstore this on
campus um coffee shop which also had
beer and so I became a a
volunteer there and I volunteered to be
the finance guy and there was no Finance
anything there was no accounting there
was no nothing so I went to my
accounting professor and I said hey I
got an idea how about if I design an
accounting system from scratch for this
business on campus and you give me
accounting credit for it and my
accounting professor said great idea and
so for one semester I designed and
operated and you know filled down all
the accounting so that we for the first
time we knew where the money was going
and what was happening with it and I got
an A and I got to tell you that
accounting is the most boring thing you
could ever do but when you're doing it
to implement it to a real business and
you have to learn it as you go it's like
okay what is this like what what is
articulation what what does that mean
and why is there a balance sheet and an
income statement like how how do they
connect and then once you do it in the
real world it just becomes locked in
like you understand accounting from that
point on and it never goes away so
that's what AI can can do for you man I
wish I had AI back then if you just have
this little advisor that says all right
here's a domain in which you've never
been in and I'm going to walk you
through it here's what matters here's
the definition of those words here's
what you can ignore here's what you have
to focus on oh my God the things you
could learn and how quickly you could
learn them and how and how sticky it
would be if it was a real life
experience with a real problem so that's
coming very exciting all right locals
I'm going to come talk to you privately
the rest of you I'll see you
tomorrow every day every day same time
same place bye for
now
e
e
e e