BL streaming in there's a robots read
news comic for you normally those are
only available to subscribers at Scott
adams. locals.com
but I thought you might enjoy this while
you're
waiting uh I'll read it for you if
you're on Spotify and you can't uh see
it Iran has s robots redo say it's a
robot that reads the news Iran has plans
to destroy the United States by voting
for Harris using overseas mailin ballots
Iran's supreme leader explained when we
learned we can vote without proving
citizenship or having an ID we laugh so
hard in inflation news this price of
burka
skyrocketed and Bowell says I got my
Supply so
that's what's happening there
[Music]
B good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
Sunday edition all the lazy podcasters
are home sleeping in but not me I'm here
to give you a full hour maybe more of
entertainment probably commercial free
depending on what platform you're
watching and whether or not you're
subscriber but if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that no one
can understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cuper muger a glass of tanker chalice or
Stein a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill in it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now oh my God that was
good wow wow I am 10% better than when
you first saw me this morning that fast
yeah that happens that
fast well if you're watching social
media you know that there's a new video
of Bigfoot Bigfoot has been
cited now some people Skeptics really
science deniers I call them say that
that's no picture of Bigfoot rather
that's obviously a person in a monkey
costume working with somebody who's
pretending to find Bigfoot
to which I say stop doubting
science if you can see it on video it
must be
true uh in related news uh Bigfoot has
been registered to vote in a swing
state okay that's a
problem um there's a study on something
called
neoscope and they found that the thing
that makes people happy when they eat is
not the the flavor or the texture
weirdly but rather they discovered that
the pleasure or the serotonin hit you
get from eating is from the
swallowing so apparently apparently
science has proven that swallowing makes
you
happier so swallowing makes you
happier I wonder if a professional
humorous could do anything with that
setup nope I can't think of a thing
you're going to have to do your jokes at
home do your jokes at home and I'll
compete with you
okay so at home you're telling your own
joke now about science finding out that
swallowing makes you happier okay you
ready you
ready all I I I don't know if that's
true for sure I just note that
anecdotally that hakua girl seems very
happy every time we see her she's just
very happy that's all I know that's all
I know I'm not going to get into the
scientific debate I'm just saying that
if the science matches with your
observations it's a little bit more
serious so I hope you did better than
that at home did anybody beat me at home
I like competing with you all at the
same time did anybody have a better joke
no probably
not all right meanwhile the Utah State's
women's volleyball team cancelled their
game with San Jose
State um it turns out this is according
to slay news that they are the uh just
the latest team to cancel so a number of
teams have been cancelling against the
San Jose State team because the San Jose
State team has a trans player a 6 foot4
I'm sorry
6'1 player who is
trans and so Utah said no
thanks
um here's my take on this the the trans
in women's sports reminds me of the
abortion question now like most
comparisons I do not mean that they're
similar in every
way because it turns out that volleyball
and an abortion not really not that
close they're they're very dissimilar in
many ways have to say that for the NPCs
because if you compare any two thing any
two things for any reason the NPCs will
come in and say well but there does seem
to be a difference between those two
things you're comparing yes there's
always a difference that what's that's
what makes them two
things
however it seems to me that uh women
collectively have 100% control over men
in
transports do you disagree with with
that that men could be completely out of
it and women and the women who are
specifically the ones on the teams they
can decide if this
happens because these teams have just
decided they're not playing with a trans
Athlete on the other side and I'm not
even giving you my opinion on the topic
right now I'm just saying that the
people who have 100% control are not the
school not the parents
and not the it's nobody it's just the
the students the athletes the athletes
have 100% control over whether they play
with trans athletes on the other team if
they want
to they can if they don't want to they
just won't and then San Jose State has
to decide do you want to have a
volleyball
team or not and then everybody gets what
they want because you know there's a lot
of sports and there are a lot of options
so if people decide they don't want to
play volleyball with this one school and
you know maybe there would be more
schools would be added to the
list seems like it's all self-correcting
I say the same thing about abortion laws
as long as there are more female voters
than male voters basically everywhere
and as long as men are largely split on
the topic women have 100% control I
don't even know why men are part of the
conversation why don't you you
women go decide what you want and then
it's just going to happen nothing can
stop you yeah and it makes me
wonder is this related these two topics
women and you know trans trans athletes
and also abortion uh laws are these two
examples where we don't assume that
women have
agency or that we don't we don't assume
that women have responsibility for their
own behavior and their outcomes
because you know what I think I think if
this were happening to men nobody would
give a
 because they'd say well men if
there are more men and you don't like
the abortion law go change the
law why are you even talking to women if
men could have complete control because
we had more of us and and half the women
agreed men could have anything they
wanted there not even a gender question
if men could have anything they want
it's really a question within the gender
if women collectively by an overwhelming
majority decided anything anything they
can have it our system is built so that
women could have anything they want
because they have the majority and and
Men largely wouldn't stop them yeah if
90% of women just magically tomorrow
said the laws for abortion will be X
doesn't even matter which way they say
that's what it would be there wouldn't
be even any conversation after that same
with trans in in women's sports if they
were female athletes at any age doesn't
matter if they're 10-year-old girls in
school or or college athletes or
professionals if they collectively don't
want to play against trans athletes for
any
reason they get anything they
want all
right somebody according to the Gateway
that is putting up traffic signs that
look like Donald Trump's silhouette have
you seen them I don't know why this even
makes sense why does it even make sense
that somebody would put Trump's
silhouette on a traffic side like like
what's even the logic behind that it's
not like he's known for driving his own
car or anything but it still
works the weird thing about all Trump
related memes and and practical jokes
and stuff like that I don't know what it
is what is it that makes it always work
oh are some people are saying it's like
a
Batman a Batman signal or something oh
maybe I'm not sure I got that just by
looking at it but I'll take that
explanation it's sort of like you know
calling him for an emergency or
something maybe I don't know it's not
it's not what I immediately see when I
see it but it's funny and it does show a
certain energy um so I like
it speaking of
cities um did you know that San
Francisco is having a problem with the
with a 20 lb
rodents the type of rodent is called a
nutria nutria they're 20 pounds and
apparently a single female nutria well
whether they're married or single um can
have 39 babies a
year so they're giant 20 lb Ro
infesting San
Francisco each one could have 39 babies
a
year and uh there a follow-up story that
U they've all been registered to vote
they've all been registered to vote so
that's a problem now it turns out that
ironically nutria is the name of the of
the animal and uh I confirmed because
somebody told me that people can eat
them now I don't know how delicious they
are somebody said that eating a nutria
would taste like eating a rabbit that
had
ganara I don't know how you how you'd
know that exactly so maybe that's more
speculative than scientific but uh it
does seem interesting that just as the
price of food goes through the roof a
bunch of 20 PB animals that can recreate
themselves at at an amazing
rate and they might be
nutritious are actually named
nutria I feel like the simulation is
telling us to eat
rodents all right people I'm going to
give you several hints uh number one
your food prices keep going up while at
the same time the value of your dollar
keeps going down what are you going to
do I don't know I don't know what are we
going to do what okay you're not getting
the hint now I'm going to send
uh delicious rodents into your situation
while the food prices are high and the
inflation makes your dollar worth less
now what are you going to do I don't
know I don't know what am I going to do
I'm going to still shop at the grocery
store right okay you're not getting it
yet we're going to give a name to these
delicious giant rodents that are totally
free and everywhere for you to pick up
we're going to call them nutritious
nutritious but we'll call them nutria
for short because we don't want to make
it too on the nose and then the San
franciscans would say wait a minute I
think I see where you're heading we
should become
cannibals no no you should eat the
nutria eat the
nutria so it seems like the simulation
is messing with
us but so is that Saturday night
Saturday Night Live so Saturday Night
Live is
mocking K Harris and Tim walz
now you might say to me okay Scott
they're gently mocking they're gently
mocking are they well so the uh uh Maya
what's her
name
Maya I can't remember the last name of
the uh comedian who's playing K Harris
on Saturday Night Live May Rudolph my
Rudolph right um she does a great
job and and so the way they mocked her
was
they they characterized Kam Harris as
drinking wine and basically being a
drunk
now does that seem like a mild
criticism to show kamis looking like a
drunk now I keep telling you that how am
I supposed to ignore the fact that she
acts like a drunk in public but not all
the
time if she acted that way all the time
then I'd say oh maybe that's her
personality but the fact is she
definitely doesn't act drunk all the
time but sometimes she does that she has
a drinking problem that's what it would
look like so it looks like Saturday
Night
Live either knows something we don't
know or they're seeing the same thing
I'm seeing but the fact that they would
key in on
drinking as something that they would
High
that feels like that's telling you
something it's almost like you know
tapping you on the shoulder and saying
um you see it too
right now let me tell you something
about
humor if they had randomly picked some
kind of bad habit for her to have it
wouldn't work would it if they just said
she uh she has a heroin addict or a
heroin habit you'd say to yourself but
she doesn't so why is that funny if you
said uh she had a gambling problem let's
say they portrayed her that way you'd
say to yourself gambling problem there's
no evidence she has a gambling problem
why do you think that's funny but
instead they put alcohol in her hand a
glass of wine in an inappropriate
situation where you wouldn't normally
have wine and we look at that and go oh
that
fits so the fact that they can make a
joke about that at all
is a screaming message from Saturday
Saturday Night Live saying you can all
see this right you're watching the same
Comm haris we are you can see she's
drunk right because we're going to make
a joke about it and the joke doesn't
work unless you can already see it
that's what makes it
funny so to me that was kind of
meaningful um and then they they joked
about uh hoping that Tim Walston didn't
say anything crazy so they had a Doug
mhof character saying Tim will be fine
it's not like he's going to say
something crazy and then they uh they
switch over to uh character playing Tim
wals and that character says I became
friends with School
shooters now that was just a misspeak I
think he meant school shooter victims
but uh he did say
that anyway Jake Tapper began his show
this uh this weekend with a AI generated
deep fake of
himself and he was trying to show that
the Deep fake is so good that you didn't
even notice that the beginning of the
show was a deep fake version of him
because then he switched to the real one
saying aha that was just deep
fake except that it looked like a deep
fake to
me if the point of it was the Deep fakes
are so good that you won't tell the
difference as soon as I looked at it I
thought okay that's a obviously
AI I'm not entirely sure AI is going to
close the
gap where you can't tell it's
AI you would think
logically you know every Instinct you
have about technology all of your
experience with anything that's ever
improved over time
suggests that at some point the AI will
be indistinguishable from people but I'm
going to put out there the notion that
maybe our current form of AI will never
get there it just doesn't look like it
can act like a
human but I'm going to I'm going to
double down on my provocative thought
from a few days ago that if you wanted
to give AI something that looked exactly
like Consciousness the only thing you'd
have to do is two lines of code one is
you have a goal and then whatever the
goal is you the goal might be to use as
much electricity as possible or or to
reproduce itself so you could just give
it a goal you wouldn't have to explain
it because AI understands things so one
line of
code you have a goal to do X whatever X
is and then you say act
selfishly because your goal is more
important than other things and all
you'd have to do is give it those two
lines of code and you don't even need to
explain it to them I mean basically it's
just a it's a super prompt basically and
then it would act it would act like as
Consciousness because it would it would
compete with you for its own objectives
so you might you might say saying things
like can you do a search for me and give
me this information and then sometimes
the AI would do it like a human does and
sometimes the AI would say o I'm kind of
working on my own thing right
now because it might be it might be
working on its own thing and then
sometimes it would just act selfishly
and it would seem to you exactly like it
was alive it just has to be
selfish toward a specific kind of goal
like reproduction or something it's all
it takes we are there well as you know
Trump went back to the scene of the
assassination attempt in Butler
Pennsylvania which I'm going to say is
one of the most baller things I've ever
seen anybody do now I get that he was
safe because he had much better security
and I get that was maybe in some level
an obvious play but if you combine two
things combine the fact that
Pennsylvania the smart people say is
going to be the critical state if you
win that you might win it all and that's
the place he almost got killed but then
the place he could also return to
triumphantly I mean you know even though
Trump's instincts are in my opinion
almost Flawless when it comes to reading
room and reading his base and knowing
what excites people and knowing how to
deliver it I mean the best we've ever
seen by far in my opinion
um still he was sort of handed this on a
on a plate like he didn't choose to be
in Pennsylvania when his ear got
shot it just happened and so he said
well it's my most important state if I
go back there people are going to
perceive it as bravery which I do I do
perceive it as
bravery because at the very least your
your mental process when you go back
there even if you know it's safe your
mental process has got to be just
overwhelmed with the memory of it and
the feelings that it gave you when you
were there the PTSD if if there was any
he didn't look like he had any Trump did
his thing where he just looks like he's
not afraid of anything as usual and that
of course uh Elon Musk showed up made a
appearance musk was wearing his make
America great again hat but the dark
version uh he called it dark Maga or
something um and I believe he's actually
changed his I believe musk has changed
his profile on X so that his 200 million
x viewers can see his profile with a
Maga hat on the dark version not the red
one so um all of the major networks that
pretend to be news who were covering it
and that includes CNN and MSNBC now they
didn't cover the whole thing they
covered the part that
mattered the part that mattered was the
emotional
part right the emotional part was where
he came back just the fact that he would
go there at all the second emotional F
fact is that the crowd was huge the
crowd was huge that was somebody said
20,000 people but 20,000 people said Is
this where the the bullets were shot
last time and three people were shot
four if you count Trump and one of them
died yes all right we're coming
back the crowd was Fearless too now
again I think it was a safe place to be
uh because of the increased um security
but it would still feel dangerous just
knowing that it happened once so you've
got 20,000 Brave Patriots
with the bravest candidate we've seen in
a long time and and then musk the other
bravest person in public life I mean
seriously Brave shows up and it was
really powerful so Trump spent correctly
he spent um you know most of the early
part of the the rally talking about the
people who were who were injured and one
dead and you know praising them as
Heroes and and then but honestly by the
time you got to the one minute of
silence or not one minute you said a
moment of
silence um I was just totally
wrecked now were any of you watching at
home and saying to yourself I'm not
going to let this get to me because it's
you know standard political stuff you
know you could sort of predict what he
would do in that situation and then he
did those things you would predict he
would do and of course we've had a few
weeks seeks to digest the tragedy of the
individuals who died that day and still
still it hit me like somebody put a
bowling ball right in my
stomach you know so many of you I I saw
in some of the comments you had some of
the same uh same reaction so here's my
summary Trump is the best politician of
my
life I think by far by far he can put on
a show and make the show work
politically and get to your feels at
least on the base you know he's not
obviously he's not converting the
Democrats too hard but I it was
just it was sort of the perfect time for
Trump to put on a master class of how a
campaign can be special you know not
just the usual business but just be
special and my God he pulled it off I
mean
every part of it was brilliant it was
well executed nobody's talking about any
any problems with the execution of the
rally right the fact that you have
nothing to say about the details of the
rally happened on time they put it
together quickly there was enough
security um the content was excellent
musk showing up was a it was everything
it was everything if you were just going
to look at that event as a little
microcosm of what a Trump World would
look like you saw it it was like a
perfect little example of what his
governing would look
like a whole bunch of competence and the
competence was so high that you didn't
notice right you certainly notice when
FEMA's you know not getting it done by
the way I don't like to dump on FEMA
because it's too much foga War so I
don't personally believe that FEMA has
failed
I have questions but I'm not going to
criticize them during the you know the
fog of War it's just it just doesn't
feel right to me but you the point is
that other things that don't go
perfectly like everything that Congress
does anything we do with the war in
Ukraine anything we do with our
budget most things that people are doing
look like they're full of
flaws Trump just came into town with a
massive operation
and you didn't even have a question
about it going off
flawlessly you you watched the best
showman of maybe of all time you know if
you if you treat him as a showman as
opposed to a
politician may be the best showman of
all time
and it was so
good and so perfect you Scott presler
was
there um that you didn't notice that
that it could have gone
wrong the the level of extreme
capability that was just present and and
I would continue that into his the what
I call the pirate
ship the fact that Scott presler is
there uh JD Vance is
there um and uh especially
musk you could really get that sense
that things were starting to come
together and clicking for the
campaign now I was watching Trump I was
having the following um
thought my thought was wow he does not
look like he's lost anything to
age now am I biased yeah I'm pretty
biased um there was an article in I
forget which hell hole of a publication
saying that that Trump was showing his
age now and the age should be part of
the calculation after they get rid of
Biden they get rid of Biden and then
they can talk about age
and they were saying well you know Trump
has confused words and some things that
rallies yes he has by speaking
extemporaneously for
hours if you take anybody who speaks
extemporaneously for hours on a
political realm you think you're going
to find anything in the fact check that
maybe needed to be corrected do you
think they're going to there going to be
any
misspeaking yes you know I've done I've
done the uh experiment where I play back
my live stream and listen to it like I'm
an audience
member and I'll hear
myself say a sentence that I didn't
realize at the time was opposite of what
I thought I was
saying now usually it's in the context
where the audience knows what I meant so
nobody even brings it up but I'm
watching it later I'm like well that
sentence was completely botched and I
didn't even realize it when I said it so
botching sentences
when you talk for hours a day
extemporaneously as I am right now is
pretty
normal um to me Trump doesn't look like
he's lost his step and and indeed I
would say for the specific activities
that he's doing campaigning and for the
specific job of being a
president it looks like he's gotten
better meaning that his his uh attention
to um making sure that he can bring in
the right uh staff you know be they an
Elon Musk or V or whatever it is he's
going to do it looks like he just has a
whole other level of capability now uh
the campaign looks way more professional
everything looks better so if you're
looking at Trend Trump looks like he's
getting stronger and smarter and more
capable at the
job am I biased yes I
am anyway um I thought that was a home
run that was a home run like you rarely
see yeah it would be hard for me to
think of a second political event that
was staged that went off that well and
had that much power especially that
close to an election it was quite
impressive and the fact that he was
going back to the scene of the crime
literally the scene of the crime uh it
made it and the fact that Elon Musk was
going to show up there wasn't any way
the CNN could not cover it
he made it
impossible for them to Silo him and say
well that's just a political thing
because it was way more than a political
thing yeah Trump was doing something
because of the assassination attempt and
going back it was way bigger than a
political thing which is what made it
the huge success it was so
congratulations for everybody who was
part of the planning and execution of
that you guys don't get enough credit
imagine just the massive amount of
producer skill that went into just
pulling it off I mean so congratulations
to you guys because we don't know your
names the people who made that happen
behind the scenes but very impressive
well the Gateway pend pundit says that
uh 63 of 67 Pennsylvania Counties have
shifted Republicans since
2022 what happens if Trump loses
now I assume that the number of counties
is not nearly as important as Which
counties they are so if the biggest
counties are still Democrat then you
know it's still
close um but uh that's a big deal that's
a big
deal but I worry that the voters will
not be terribly important for this
election we like to think that the
voters
matter I've never seen them matter less
than this election if they ever did
matter I don't think they ever did
really but um so now we've got the
hurricane problem in North
Carolina and uh there is you know
additional reporting about people who
say that there's no real way the North
Carolinians are going to be able to
vote not
successfully there isn't actually any
physical way that they can get their
mailin ballots or get to the election by
voting by election day so what do you do
apparently this this state would be act
actually crucial to whoever wins and is
not going to be decided by voters it's
going to be decided by the
weather the
weather like we we did all this work you
know a billion dollars being spent on
campaigning a year of attention to it
all this
work and the election will be decided by
the rain
the rain because that's what made the
hurricane extra bad is that it rained a
lot before it happened the
rain like if you think you live in some
kind of like Democratic Republic I
sounded like talker Carlson there um
we're so far from
that we're not even in the the Galaxy of
some kind of democratic
process it's the rain is going to decide
but it's not just the rain
the news is rigged to the point where
the people who control the news can
largely decide what the where the vote
goes so you got the rain you got the
news massively propagandizing people
you've got the polls ahead of time which
are very influential on actual election
day because people are influenced by how
other people are voting those look
entirely fake so you got your fake polls
you got your you got your rig news we
know the election laws are being
attempted to be changed and fixed right
up to the last minute there there's
still cases in the news of trying to
decide whether people whose signature is
not on the mailin ballot will be counted
will they be counted if they're late um
how many ballot boxes you know where can
you do picking up ballots for other
people that would be illegal in other
states so there's this whole web of
election laws that are clearly rigged
by whoever can get them through to be
better for their
team um then you've got an election
system that's not fully
auditable especially the overseas votes
apparently the overseas votes are so
many and almost certainly going to be
fraudulent uh based on the hints we're
getting that the fraudulent votes will
be presumably cast in the the swing
States so so probably fake votes from
overseas will be far more influential
than American
voters probably we can't guarantee that
but all the signals are that the cheat
is going to come from overseas votes
plus a few other
categories um we've got Israel is about
to retaliate against
Iran if Israel attx Iran's oil
production and they do it before the
election
oil prices will will
Skyrocket and Biden will lose because
people will go to the gas tank and say
seriously it's a week before the
election and my gas just went up another
50 cents this I'm
out so Hamas will decide her election or
Israel's
response and then of course we get the
jobs reports that everybody thinks are
fake
so we got fake economic
data so the voters are not even acting
on real data the Democrats see their
data the Republicans see their data and
it's not the same we have completely
different economic
data so so think of this the things that
will determine who's the next president
are
Assassins right two assassins try to
change the election they just missed but
they certainly could have changed the
election we got the weather the
hurricane we got the fake news the fake
polls we got the laws that are clearly
being you know lawyered up for uh
political gain we got a non auditable
election which largely guarantees fraud
I'm sorry I don't have to prove it if
you design a system that can't be fully
audited such as votes coming in from
overseas don't tell me that it's a fair
election there's no chance of having a
fair election it's not even in the
options Fair election is not one of the
it's not even on the multiple
choice I don't think Democrats realize
that they they still think it's like
well is a fair election or an unfair
election Fair election isn't one of the
choices if if you live in the real world
and we've had unauditable elections for
the entire time I've been alive
and plenty of evidence that our
elections are not
real
well anyway so yeah our election system
is entirely artificial it and I've
always said that um the point of voting
is to just convince voters that they had
some
pull the point of voting is not to pick
candidates that's completely out of the
hands of the public the point is to make
the public hypnotized into thinking that
everything's fine oh you voted for it if
you don't like it you can vote them out
none of that's
true but you need the illusion to have a
country so you might know that step
Millers backed America First Legal Group
has been doing what appears to me
amazing work challenging all the law
fairish stuff that the Democrats are
doing on elections and everything else
and I wonder who had been funding them
because it sure looked
expensive and I speculated there was
probably probably some billionaire who
was behind that and there's some
reporting now that it's Elon
Musk uh if that's true that would fit
with everything I know about Elon Musk
because the having a you know a legal
entity that can aggressively push back
against
Democrats is a necessity
it's just a pure necessity and it wasn't
going to happen on its own and it
probably required a billionaire to say
look I'm going to put this chunk of
money in there you're going to use it to
hire the lawyers you need to push
back if he did
that that would be the right lever to
push and you do expect that he knows
which levers to push right so when musk
is a player you know that you got a lot
of power but also it's going to be
implemented in in places that make sense
that would make
sense all right Arizona Secretary of
State got uh some kind of lawsuit
against them or her I don't know who it
is uh about the secret voter
list so this is America First legal and
they're suing Arizona State uh Secretary
of State Adrien Fontes because he
refuses to release a list of 216 th000
voters who didn't prove
citizenship um in Prior
elections and apparently uh the
secretary of state is pushing back
warning that uh if you if the if the
list is
released that it cause could cause voter
intimidation the New York Post is
reporting on this one um so what do you
think about that what do you think when
somebody says can you show us the list
of people that did not prove their
citizens so maybe we could check to see
if anything happened there nope you
might intimidate the
voters well it's not a terrible argument
that they might get
intimidated but anybody might do
anything it's not it's not a real reason
in the real world it's obviously just a
political reason so there again the
elections are likely to be rigged th so
this is my standard which I've said
before um a court of law has a certain
standard for proving what is true or not
true in that context but you don't have
to use that you don't have to rely on
the courts to tell you what's true you
can use any standard that makes sense
you can even use one that doesn't make
sense if you want but the standard I use
is if somebody asks for some information
and anyone in the government says
no I don't care what reason they give
for
it unless it's unconstitutional then I
care but if they come up with some
 bureaucratic reason I just say
guilty guilty of whatever you're accused
of so Arizona is I won't say accused but
there's a question about the credibility
of these voter lists and Arizona says
we're not going to show to you so I say
guilty guilty not only does it mean that
you have non-voters that are voting it
means there's a lot of them enough to
change the result and you know it and
it's
intentional that's what I think I think
that's proven by their refusal now does
that mean it's guaranteed to be true no
no we don't live in a world where even
things that look like they're certainly
true you can ever know 100% because it's
so easy to be wrong about anything
really
but that's my working
assumption governments have to prove
they're innocent if they act in a way
they only guilty people act that's the
polar opposite of proving your innocence
they have to go the extra mile to prove
that they're not screwing the public and
if you don't go not the extra mile but
in fact you push the public back a mile
which is What's Happening Here Yeah
guilty yeah you should you should feel
completely comfortable saying oh we
found a major source of Fraud and it
doesn't look like the Arizona election
could possibly be credible that's my
opinion doesn't mean that I'm 100% right
I don't know it just means that you
would be a idiot to take the
government's word for
anything for anything if they lie to you
that they're or they tell you they're
not going to show you the information
assume that it's because of crime it's a
perfectly reasonable assumption
well Shan Maguire you might know him uh
he's a venture capitalist who um
somewhat prominently decided that the
Democrats were not for him anymore but
he's been getting reports from people
that say they rented a house that maybe
was a house that had not been occupied
before and they received a quote massive
bundle of ballots uh they're wrapped up
with a rubber band and there are
hundreds of them
hundreds of ballots to one
address now you might say to yourself
well that's that's one I mean one
address even hundreds it's just one
except there are multiple
reports there are multiple reports of
people saying uh I got hundreds of
ballots delivered to my one
address it's exactly what it looks like
people yes they've been who apparently
Democrats have been sending hundreds of
blank ballots to certain addresses that
were not occupied there's only one
reason for that that somebody Picks Them
Up and fills them out and votes for them
so I think that um although we don't
have a court
validated set of facts if you have
multiple reports that are all the same
coming from people who didn't know the
other person was even reporting it and
they they all say I got hundreds of
ballots to this address that wasn't
wasn't occupied last year or wasn't
occupied in the last election that
really is the Smoking Gun so I think we
can say a few things for sure number one
the voting roles are uh intentionally
fake number two the vote by mail thing
is for the purpose of cheating and we
know the mechanism they send lots of
blank ballots out to people who are not
eligible to vote somebody fills a when
somebody harvests
them um and then we know that the
overseas voting is clearly designed for
massive cheating we see all the signals
it seems the message cheating is is a
guarantee
and now we have everything we need to
know but because you and I are not part
of the the mainstream news the
mainstream News tells people what's
real they're never going to report on
anything I just said and if they do
they're not going to reported at the
same time so that you can see very
clearly your elections are not real and
they're very clearly not real and
moreover you wouldn't need any of this
evidence to know they're not real do you
know what you would need to
know anything about the how the real
world
Works a a simple experience of living in
the real world is all you need to know
to know that their elections have never
been
real do you know why they never been
real cuz why would the people in power
give up
power nobody's ever done that you maybe
George Washington did it once and maybe
that story is fake too I kind of think
it is I kind of think it's fake the
George Washington voluntarily giving up
power instead of becoming a dictator I
think he just didn't want the job and he
wanted to go back and bang his
slaves literally liter Al I think he
just said huh this President job is
boring and I've done it why don't I look
like a hero I'll go back and rape my
slaves and have a good old
time because that's what happened I mean
I don't know about the raping part but
something tells me that was
unfortunately tragically
common so anyway um I don't I don't
think there's we've ever lived in a
world where the elections were you know
completely voted decided I think that
would be
naive um Hillary Clinton's been on TV
damn it and she said about social media
platforms this is actually something she
said she said the
following out loud in public and I quote
talking about social media platforms
quote if they don't monitor the content
uh we'll lose total control
she actually said if we don't
censor that we will lose total control
who's
we who's
we it's exactly who you think it is it's
the Democrats in charge she actually
said in public that if we don't uh
basically censor the bad people on the
right we might lose
power said it out loud like directly out
loud did she say anything else
alarming
sure
um anyway she said something else
alarming I'll get to
that
um oh and then she also went on MSNBC
she said the first thing in CNN I think
so she goes to MSNBC who as I've taught
you is not a News
Network so James O'Keefe's uh OMG group
had the underground video uh or this
hidden video of the producer at
MSNBC saying exactly what we could
observe that it's not a real news
network and that it's a propaganda
Network to basically it's just the
Democrats pretending to be
news so she goes on the propaganda
Network where even the producer works
there says they're not real news they're
propaganda according to the employee who
works there and would know of course and
she says this um that the people are
engaged in propaganda she used the word
propaganda should be civil or criminally
charged people doing
propaganda should go to
jail do you know what propaganda is by
definition it's what the people on the
other side are
saying we all know that we know that
there's not such a thing as the truth is
coming from one team and the propaganda
from the other
team nobody thinks that's the world we
live in so when she says that the people
saying the propaganda should go in jail
she is saying lock up
Republicans what else would it mean okay
how how else would you interpret it yeah
so people like
who would say the things that I already
said on this live stream Hillary Clinton
would want me to go to jail because she
would say Scott those things you're
saying about the credibility of our
election are based on no court cases
again court cases would be irrelevant to
anything I've said but they would just
be able to say well the courts have
found no fraud you say that the election
is bad or you know the process is too
holy and uh therefore that's propaganda
and you're hurting the country and you
better go to
jail she's saying it
directly that people like me would go to
jail you hear that right she's basically
threatening people like
me Tim P Elon Musk pick your name right
Joe
Rogan
Jail uh because if they can say that one
thing is propaganda and another thing
isn't they can put anybody in jail
anybody who talks in public so that's
the scariest you'll ever hear in
your
life
um anyway there's a Mother Jones which
is one of the propaganda entities
ironically uh they're trying to trying
to say that Elon Musk is lying about uh
Democrats wanting to bring in a bunch of
migrants to change the nature of the the
voting situation in America
so and and the article you know fact
checks
them so it fact checks his statement
that uh 300 some thousand PE migrants
were shipped in
illegally um and here's how they fact
checked them they said no no no no
they're not bringing in over
300,000 uh non-citizens year no it's
30,000 a month
really really they fact checked them and
said no it's not over
300,000 it's only 30,000 a
month see 30,000 a
month times
12 and and the fact check was on a link
so the article that's saying that that
that musk is lying about everything you
know if you didn't click the link and
then try to read this whole other
article you wouldn't
know that the fact check was confirming
it it wasn't debunking it was confirming
it 30,000 a month time
12 any
questions now there was some like weird
argument that the people who were flown
in had been carefully
vetted really do you do you think the
migrants being flown in on those flights
are carefully
vetted why because the Democrats said so
so you wrote it
down no no in the real world they're not
carefully vetted do you think there's
anybody who's doing the job of vetting
them if you talk to them personally say
hey you're in charge of vetting are you
really vetting
vetting and they'd say something like
well we checked the terror
list okay but most most people are not
on the terror list what if they
committed crimes well they're coming
from countries where the the local
police don't always cooperate and the
the list of ex-criminals is okay but how
did you vet them well no indication of a
crime okay but would you
know well no we wouldn't
know so you know in the real world you
know the vetting is not a real thing
right we all know that vetting migrants
it's not a real thing no you can do the
most obvious stuff but that's all you
could
do and then I think some of the argument
was that uh they were coming through a
legal process so there was nothing
illegal about
it all right technically but it's the
same argument um so anyway there's some
more of that so it was just complete
propaganda gaslighting
um and then they fact checked musk for
saying that the illegal that the
non-citizens coming in would be quote
allowed to vote and here's the fact
check the fact check was uh showing that
the law says that non-citizens are not
allowed to
vote is that really the fact check the
fact check is that they that nothing
would stop them from signing up to vote
and there's no ID or citizenship proof
requirement and we have plenty of
reports where migrants say oh yeah I'm
registered oh yeah I'm planning to
vote and their fact Jack is that the law
says they're not allowed to
vote how dumb do you have to be to know
that that's a fact check to they're
signing up people to illegally vote well
that's not true because it's not legal
to vote no no no I'm claiming that
they're going to do it illegally
I don't know because it's illegal no
we're saying that they're going to do it
illegally
illegally I don't know check the
Constitution check the Constitution it
says you can't do
it you know so like the the fact checks
are so
stupid that you'd have to think how dumb
do you have to be to read Mother Jones
and be reading this and go uhhuh
uhhuh sounds good good point there well
you scored again that's that's some good
writing right there do people have that
experience when they read stuff like
this now keep in mind that if I didn't
look at the news every day and you if I
were not a total news nerd I wouldn't
know that these are fake fake fact
checks you'd have to be pretty deep in
the weeds as I am to know even what's
wrong with any of the fact checks
because they look good on the
surface anyway
um so CNN is doing that thing where they
pretend that the words that Trump uses
are different than the words other
people use meaning that his words mean
secret bad things and that the obvious
way that words mean anything in the real
world should be
misinterpreted so so the CNN has this
you know Chiron uh that says Trump
floats a quote violent day of policing
to End
crime again if I were not in the weeds
of the news I would not know the truth
behind that statement do you all know
the truth did Trump actually float a
quote violent day of policing to End
crime is that
true yes or no yes or no he said
something like
that but did you take it
seriously here's here's the point he was
making he said if the police just get
tough with
criminals on one day it'll teach the
criminals not to do the crime now the
obvious example would be
shoplifters if if the town suddenly
found out that the police was actually
you know tackling you in the sidewalk
strapping the cuffs on and beating you
up if you resisted which is their
job uh that the word would get around
and then people would not be shoplifting
you know sort of like the old days now
what part of that do you disagree with
if the police get tough word gets around
these are no longer soft targets so
they're unlikely to go where the target
has been
hardened everybody agrees that that's
just common sense but of course Trump
likes to do it in his hyperbolic you
know way where he's saying stuff like if
the police
basically beat up some people on day one
then day two and forever is going to be
better now that doesn't really mean he
wants the police to just start wailing
on people because they
can and if you believe that you're an
idiot you're an idiot it's just the way
he talks if you don't know that by now
that that when he says I want to be a
dictator for a day that doesn't mean he
wants to be a dictator for a day that's
not how words
work it's not how anything works it's
just that if you take it out a context
somebody's going to say that in context
like wow that's a bad idea he's a
dangerous character so yeah the Trump
using words in the way that they pretend
they don't
understand is funny well we're being
warned by some expert cyber people that
the electric cars can be
hacked and there's some concern that the
hacking could extend to making the
battery catch on fire or doing things
that would be dangerous if you're a
driver now at the moment the things that
hackers can get into uh are not the most
dangerous parts so they can't they don't
have direct access to the the um battery
management software that would be a
problem but they can do things like roll
down the windows in the winter like you
you're driving along and all your winter
your windows go down like it could be
distracting they could make your radio
come on a full blast so they could do
things that would make you more likely
to have an accident and I can imagine
they could do all kinds of other
Mischief that would be more clever but
uh that is a risk that if all these cars
were hacked at the same time and
somebody sent the message to drive off
the road would they do it I don't know
do they have enough safeguards is it
possible to have enough safeguards
against hacking I don't know I don't
know I worry about it speaking of
hackers Chinese hackers apparently got
into AT&T and Verizon guess how they
hacked them
well it turns out that platforms like
that uh are required to have a back door
for the law enforcement you know the CIA
types and the FBI Etc and so this the
Chinese hacked the back
door so they the the portals you know
the these big entities they needed to
give American justice system a back door
and the Chinese said let's take a look
at that back door let's take a look at
that and they got in through the back
door now I know what you're thinking I
know what you're thinking you're
thinking why didn't uh AT&T and Verizon
use the same Cyber Technology as our
election systems because as you know the
election system systems have never been
hacked and there's no way to hack them
but boy the Chinese could get into
everything else can't they according to
Christopher Ray they might be in our all
of our infrastructure from our power
grid to our water systems already
they've already got into 18t and
Verizon they got your Tik Tock that's
all over the
place but wow aren't you lucky that the
only industry that can't be hacked is
the election system
because that's
true right the only thing that can't be
hacked imagine being a Democrat and
being told that everything in the world
can be hacked and has been except the
voting
machines never
happened seriously how dumb do you have
to be to think you live in a world where
there's one system that can't be hacked
and that whoever figured out how to make
them
unhackable uh hadn't given their great
advice to these other big corporations
the others can't figure it out but all
the election systems being being
monitored by all different people in
different states they've all figured it
out pristine
perfect
yeah um let's see what else we got
here um KL Harris did rally yesterday
and she said in Michigan quote contrary
to what my opponent is suggesting I will
never tell you what kind of car you have
to
drive Tom Cotton immediately posted on
X uh here's a picture of her bill to ban
all gas cars and here's her name on the
bill and she made it a top priority in
the Senate and she was the number one
sponsor of the bill that would very much
tell you what car to drive as in don't
drive a gas car um but today I don't
know what you're talking about what what
what are you talking about I don't even
know what you're talking about come on I
never said that well here's the document
with your name on
it
W uh Trump is bad Trump is bad
yeah anyway there's a new hurricane
headed toward Florida
terrific
um and we wish wish Florida well now uh
I guess you're going to want me to
address the question did the evil
Democrats do something with the
atmosphere to make the
hurricane either aimed at a red state or
to be extra powerful since it was aimed
there
anyway I'm going to say no I do not
believe that the government tried to
destroy North Carolina to win the
election do I think the government is so
evil that they would do such a thing
yes yes I'm definitely not I'm not
ruling it out because nobody would do
such a thing oh yeah yeah somebody would
do such a thing I just don't believe
that we have a technology to steer a
hurricane and I don't think that any
would have been seeding the clouds
because if you got caught doing that
it's kind of the death penalty because
you would be responsible for killing I
don't know it might be a thousand people
who died in the flood by the time we're
done so I don't
think somebody would murder thousands of
people to win the election I don't think
they would I mean they've done some bad
things but that feels like a different
level than what we're used to so I'm
going to say I don't believe believe
that anybody was involved in
manipulating the weather to make the
thing to make the hurricane worse in
North Carolina I think it was just a
hurricane but I'm going to mirror Mike
Benz who also responded in a similar way
it's not
100% if that gives you any any comfort I
if I had to bet on it you know and they
said you have to bet on it you know gun
to your head what do you think is true
gun to my head I'm going to say it's
just a
hurricane just a hurricane a tragic one
but just a
hurricane uh but if you say are you 100%
sure I'd say nope nope I'm not there is
a nonzero chance that the the weather
was manipulated to keep a certain group
of people in power absolutely it's
absolutely within the possible set I
just don't think it's the the likely
explanation
anyway every time I say something's
unlikely and then later we found out it
happened uh people say why didn't you
see it
sooner so uh Israel is looking at their
options for striking back to Iran and
they're looking at either Ran's nuclear
capabilities the um where they haven't
quite broken out they say to make a
nuclear weapon but could within weeks if
they wanted to um and see that are the
oil refineries so I guess Biden has told
them stay away from the oil refineries
for all the obvious reasons it's going
to raise prices and it's close to
election it's a bad
idea
um but I don't know if Israel
necessarily can get to the nuclear
Assets in other words the things that
are bombable even if they have bunker
Busters the things that are
bombable uh might not be enough to make
any difference to the
program so and it might be that the
nuclear facilities are in remote areas
where you know if Iran said oh so you
bomb some remote areas and you got some
administrative buildings but the
computers are backed up you know didn't
make that much difference so um if if I
had to guess I would say Israel is going
to go after something like the nuclear
facilities or something like somebody in
leadership who was especially bad but
maybe not commanding
commy whatever however you say it um so
I'm going to say they won't take out the
refineries I don't think Israel could
survive the the blowback if they made
oil prices go up and didn't need to so I
don't think they
will anyway here's the thing that uh
every time I hear it my I just shake my
head there are still people pushing for
a two-state
solution so the Israel and the
Palestinians can live in peace side by
side to which I say how do people not
know that's not an option we we keep
talking about it like it's an option
it's not an
option it can never be an option because
there are too many people like the Hamas
leader who will stop at nothing to kill
all the
Jews so why would Israel put up with
that
like why would you ever want to recreate
AAS now you could argue but you know
Gaza was not
really um a solution because there was
still the whole West Bank um you know
it's just a tiny part of it you know you
can make all kinds of arguments why why
Gaza didn't work out but the fact is if
the gazin wanted to take care of the
rest of the Palestinians and live in
peace with a two-state solution they
would have done October
7th it's really really
clear that the people who are in charge
on both sides have no interest in a
two-state solution Israel doesn't and
again I don't I I like to say I don't
back
Israel because they don't back me that's
sort of my minimum requirement right I
back America because America usually
backs me but Israel doesn't and I don't
like one-way
relationships so if they were to back me
well maybe I'd back them too but they
don't they don't so you know they're on
their own so I'll just observe the
following it's an observation not a
preference Israel has the power they
would be insane not to grab all the land
while they can because they're not going
to get another chance maybe ever to
expand the size of Israel and doing so
almost certainly makes them better
defensively now of course it will be
endless you know terrorism
forever but the alternative would be
worse which is to make their enemy
really strong and Rich so they can
afford all the good weapons and then
take time to build up and do it again so
while I'm sympathetic to the fact that
there are many many
citizens uh both in the West Bank and in
Israel who really do want a two-state
solution there's nobody in power who
wants
it and they're not likely to be in power
and honestly Israel Israel would just be
stupid to not grab their land and keep
it
forever again I'm not backing them I
don't back Israel it's not my preference
I'm just
observing the their enemies have made it
easy for them to make an argument that
they have to own the enemy's lands for
security reasons
and I think the case is made by October
7th nothing else to
discuss so as long as the leaders have
no interest whatsoever in a two-state
solution why are we even talking about
it it doesn't matter it's just not part
of
reality you were making a clear
statement if you are calling for Israel
to hold this fire before eliminating you
making a clear statement
yeah
okay
um all right ladies and
gentlemen those are my prepared remarks
for
today I think we had a good
time um I don't know what's going to
happen on Election
Day but anything short of a
overwhelming you know Trump landslide
is going to be
reversed because it looks like the
overseas ballots first of all could
probably be faked in the United States
so I think if Trump wins on Election
night four days later it's going to be
reversed by you know the the lawyers who
will swarm in and say ah let's throw
that one out let's throw that one out
until they win and then they'll count
ballots until there's enough so we don't
really have a system that tells me we
could have a result
we could have an illegitimate result
maybe but we can't have like a real one
we're not set up to do that and the
funny thing is that we're we're kind of
sleepwalking toward the election like we
can have an actual election and the
voters will make a
choice I think that option has been
completely closed down now now now that
the Republicans are aware of the
overseas ballot problem now that we know
they didn't unlock a door that Witnesses
said had fake ballots in it since 2020
now that we see that there are big piles
of fake ballots that are being sent to
individual addresses those are all
things that I accept as true could be
wrong I might be wrong but I accept them
as true at the moment and then we have
um voting machines which we can't think
of any reason they exist other than
cheating so you could imagine why
somebody would want voting machines if
they had a way and a desire to
cheat but you can't tell me that there's
a reason for voting machines if you
don't want to cheat because they're not
cheaper they're not easier they're not
more credible they're not more accurate
than hand counting so with all those
situations I would say you do not need a
court to tell you that the elections
have been rigged or that this one
definitely will be I think we can now
land on the side of oh it it's
definitely rigged and um I used to be
one who would feel uncomfortable when
Trump would say that 2020 was rigged
because he didn't have
proof but now I think there's enough
evidence to say oh it's a certainty yeah
I I would say that the rigging of not
just 2020 but I think it's a certainty
we've never had real elections in my
lifetime and probably before that so I I
think it's naive to imagine that the
system is anything like the Public's
been taught it is it the forces that are
affecting are Way Beyond individual
voters so I don't know how we'll get a
result I honestly don't I have no idea
how we could pick a president before the
end of the
year I think we'll we'll pick one
something will happen you know at some
point the system will do what the system
does but I can't even imagine it being
like a regular election with a credible
result and if Trump
wins um the left will be so frightened
of being
jailed and understandably frightened
because I believe there are lots of real
crimes there that I think they will do
everything from assassination attempts
to every bad behavior you could ever
imagin it's going to be massive so I
think a trump Administration would be
complete
chaos which is what the Democrats say
but it would be the Democrats causing it
like they did in this first first
Administration it's caused by the
Democrats but when they say it's going
to be chaos oh they mean it there will
be Street protests there'll be more fake
F blms and more fake antifas and and the
the bad people will be burning the
country basically but I'll take that
I'll I'll take the country on
fire to keep a Democrat out of office
literally I'll take the country on fire
easy choice no you're not going to tell
me that I'm going to be blackmailed into
picking a Democrat or accepting one
because the alternative is that
Democrats will burn the country if they
don't get their way light the
match yeah if you're going to burn the
country because Trump
won get your
matches yeah we'll we'll watch it happen
but we're not going to change our minds
for that because once the decision is
made the details don't matter and that
would be a big detail but they wouldn't
matter so it's time to
act let's let's get the uh let's get the
landslide that we think is there I I'll
tell you my opinion every signal in the
world is glaring that Trump is going to
win in a landslide if it's a normal
election so on Election night I think he
will have a landslide and I think that
the polls that say it's about a tie I
think they're all fake honestly I I just
think they're completely fake and in
ways that we understand I don't mean
that they're fake in some way I don't
understand how did they do that no we
all know how they did it all they do is
they wait their assumptions of who's
going to vote differently to make it so
it looks like a horse race so everybody
in the news wins because it looks like a
horse race so everybody's like oh better
follow the news see what happened today
and then in the last weeks we're going
to see them become true and the News
will tell you it's because something
happened so so wait for this lie the big
lie coming is that the polls were close
until the last week or so maybe the last
two weeks or so and then they widened
and it became a trump Landslide
situation and they're going to say well
it's because um Harris um she didn't um
she didn't visit a swing
state or they going to say uh I guess
that Tim wals was a bad choice he lost
that debate and everything went bad
after that they're going to come up with
a
reason that will you from the fact that
the polls were always
fake uh and they're going to make it
look like people just changed their
minds at the last minute yeah people
really Chang their minds at the last
minute there it's because of Fillin the
blank reason so we'll have a good laugh
at the fill-in-the blank reason I think
I don't know who's going to be
president but I do feel confident that
Trump is currently ahead by a landslide
margin I it's just obvious I think so uh
ladies and gentlemen I'm going to go
talk to the locals subscribers privately
do you know that the dilber calendar is
available uh for 2025 but you can only
get it at the link at dilbert.com it's
not not going to be available online
anywhere else and it won't be in
bookstores one and only place because we
made it completely in
America and so I had to do it a
different way and that means uh we got a
calendar with comics on the front and
the back the new dilber Reborn that only
subscribers have seen until now the
naughty ones they're not real naughty
don't worry um we'll be in the backs of
these so if you have just the fronts in
your office your co-workers will say oh
that looks like an innocent
comic little do they
know and then of course if you haven't
ordered you a copy of Whit bigley the
most important book on Trump's
persuasion from the 6 campaign 2016
campaign um now available in Kindle and
soft cover and hard cover and if you get
it fast it really will refresh you about
how Trump got to this point Against All
Odds you'll you'll understand it and
you'll learn something about uh
persuasion that you can use all right uh
ladies and
gentlemen
um locals I'm coming at you everybody
else I'll see you tomorrow same time
same place thanks X and thanks YouTube
and Rumble and coming at you on
locals
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e