now I want to quickly shift to topics -
I don't know if any of you saw the the
Chris Cuomo primetime show in which
Steve Cortez was on and another Pro
chopper and they were talking about the
the Charlottesville fine people hoax now
I was just gobsmacked watching Chris
Cuomo lie about this to the world in a
way that I've never seen such a
grotesque lie in public
grotesque meaning is very dangerous
it's a dangerous lie and it's been
debunked this week by every major outlet
including Jake Tapper on CNN now when I
say debunked I simply mean people who
include the second part of the quote
because the second part of the
president's quote makes a crystal clear
that he is specifically condemning the
neo-nazis and white nationalists he
called them out by name and condemned
them in those words and if you leave
that out it looks like he's saying the
opposite which is what Chris Cuomo and
his staff did they left that out now I
used to think maybe maybe they also were
fooled by it maybe they've already been
they've been taken in by the hoax as
well because it's been repeated so many
times without the second part of the
quotes that I think a lot of people
actually believed that's President
called the neo-nazis to define people so
I'm watching this last night and I'm
saying this is a different level now
this is a level where they absolutely
know it's a lie because their own
network is told the set is a lie and I
mean that simply by repeating the second
part of the quote it's clearly debunks
the the fine people hoax and the the
boldness with which he told this lie
multiple times was astonishing but it
gets better
so then Steve Cortes who is you know
armed with all of the counter arguments
in the
actual quotes and the sources he goes on
and it just castigates Cuomo for
completely misleading the public and he
didn't I don't think he used the word
but just lying bold-faced lie about
something so easily proven I mean it's
right in the actual quote he's talking
about all you have to do is show the
rest and they had debunks the whole
thing so Steve calls them out and here's
the interesting part and you have to see
this clip i retweeted it just before I
got on watch for this because you're
going to see more of this and it's
fascinating and I want you to see if you
can take it home and recreate this
effect so Steve Cortes reads the actual
quote that says the president condemns
totally the neo-nazis and white
nationalists that should be the end of
the conversation there's nothing else to
say it's part of the same statements
it's right there it's it's observable
it's you can play the video you can look
at the transcript now what did Chris
Cuomo do when Steve Cortes showed him
exactly the debunking that's objectively
easily provable and unambiguous what did
he do did he say did Chris Cuomo say no
you got that wrong and here's why he
didn't did he say that's not relevant to
the question he didn't he changed the
subject and acted like the words never
came out of Steve Cortes mouth you have
to see it because then Steve repeated it
a number of times because Chris wasn't
acknowledging that it was even being
said like he couldn't hear it or it
wasn't even there and then of course
Cuomo needed to say stuff but he
couldn't say stuff about the fact that
had just been debunked right in front of
him onion big you ously unambiguously
debunked right in front of him just like
his own network did just like every
other network did this week so instead
he changes it in
at one point he tried to conflate the
president's comment that there were that
there were bad people on both sides and
try to confuse that with the hoax part
where it was claimed that he said there
were good people on both sides including
Nazis which he never said so so he's
first of all trying to confuse it then
he then he tries to show how the
question was asked to indicate that the
president wasn't really answering a
question about the Statue event but
rather it was about Nazis but he also
left out the part of president Trump's
quote in which he specifically said
people were there about the monuments
and that that was the event so again
Cuomo just flat-out lied by leaving that
out because that was the the important
part of the the quote is that the
president was talking about both sides
of the statue controversy not both sides
being Isis versus the neo-nazis Isis I
call anti-shah Isis because I think of
them that way so and then then Cuomo
starts doing the thing that I predicted
they all do when you show them that
their main belief is debunked that the
president did not call neo-nazis find
people you prove it they usually say
marching marching with and Cuomo just
starts repeating this like there's some
there's some kind of reboot problem in
his brain marching with marching with
marching where they were marching with
he was trying to make the point that
anybody who was marching with Nazis
would be Nazis now you know who agrees
with that that anyone who was marching
with the Nazis would be bad people and
Nazis everybody president Truong you me
every person in the world agrees with it
and it's not relevant because obviously
the president wasn't saying oh sure they
were marching with racists but they were
racist the president obviously wasn't
making that point and the reporting does
not show that that everybody there was
marching in fact the reporting and I
actually
to a witness who was there there were a
lot of people doing a lot of things and
only some people were marching so all
those other people who were doing other
things there is no reporting there is no
investigation of why they were there or
what they were thinking with the
exception of the New York Times that
actually interviewed somebody who wasn't
with him that the racists and and
disavowed them so we know that there was
at least one small group who did not
think they were Nazis were not marching
marching with were not standing
alongside they were just there for their
own purposes
so and then then Cuomo tried to change
it when so he didn't let the Steve
Cortes debunk him on the marching with
part because that would have been the
second level of going down the hoax well
you know you start with your first hoax
and that gets debunked and you just
moved to new things that are not true
and then and then finally Chris without
admitting that everything he had said
had just been debunked he acted as
though none of that had happened and
just changed the argument to well the
president made a moral equivalence
between the neo-nazis who are terrible
racists and the people who were
protesting against them now that
argument is a different argument if
you're arguing that you've already
you've already agreed that the entire
premise of the first part of your show
was a lie but instead of saying okay
okay I hear you a quote Steve so it is
true that everything I just said for
last five minutes is a total bold-faced
absolute uncontroverted incontrovertible
lie he didn't say that he acted like the
argument was always something different
and then he moved it to this equivalence
thing here's the right way to answer the
equivalence thing an tyfa is a bunch of
masked armed and requests who want to
destroy the world if an tyfa took over
the planet i would be in jail let me say
that again
if an tyfa took over the government i
would be in jail as
with a lot of you know Trump supporters
so if you're telling me that they are
morally better than the neo-nazis who if
they were in charge would do some pretty
pretty horrible things I'm gonna say
that you are trying to argue whether
Isis is not as bad as Heller if that's
your freakin argument well Isis isn't as
bad because they're they're their body
count wasn't as high as Hitler if all
you have left is arguing the ISIS is not
morally as bad as a Hitler because they
haven't killed as many yet you don't
have an argument you've gone to a
ridiculous point of view the the
rational point of view for the President
of the United States the chief law
enforcement officer of the United States
in effect the the the only position I
want to hear from the president is that
both sides are a hundred percent morally
reprehensible you can't tell me that an
tyfa is only 99 percent bad and the
neo-nazis are 100 percent bad you are a
freakin idiot if you're making that if
you're making that argument you are not
a serious player you're a liar you're a
liar or you're stupid if you're saying
that that Isis is only 97 percent evil
and neo-nazis are a hundred percent
you're not honest player in the
conversation they're both frickin
absolutely terribly bad and here's the
worst part if you tell me that I can go
to an event where I can watch these
fricking a-holes the the horrible
horrible anti-shah people who wear masks
and hit people who believe that the
president is doing a good job they hit
them with clubs and and bicycle locks if
you believe that that crowd having a
fight with with clubs against neo-nazis
is not something I would stay to watch
you don't know me I would stay to watch
that I would pay I would buy a fricking
ticket to watch an tyfa and the
neo-nazis beat the out of each
other that's what I would stay for and
especially if the police were letting it
happen
and were protecting me so I wouldn't
wouldn't be too worried about getting
hit because yeah I just stand next to
the police because nobody was attacking
the police right and the police weren't
stopping the fight so you just stand
next to the police and you would have
the best show on earth which is anti Fah
and neo-nazis beating each other to
that's the show I want to watch if you
tell me that any reasonable person would
have left that show you have never met a
human being right it's a cage match
we literally have pay-per-view events
that are not nearly as interesting as
this if we ever had a cage match of MMA
where was you know 15 neo-nazis were
gonna be in the cage with 15 anthe saw
people you couldn't charge enough to
make people not watch that people would
pay a thousand dollars per your
pay-per-view to watch that you know I'd
pay a thousand dollars to watch an tyfa
and neo-nazis in the cage fight and if
you tell me that it's a fight between
the ones who are a hundred percent bad
and the ones were only 99 percent bad I
say you're just an freakin idiot if you
can't say anti foz bad get off a TV all
right if you're gonna hedge on anti anti
fall being a little bit good just get
off a TV you're not you're not a you're
not a patriot you're not a you're not a
good person let me say this clearly if
you're if you're defending an tyfa
you're not a fine person you're not
you're not even close
you're not even in the general zip code
of good people if you're making that
freakin argument all right serenity now
but the good news is that there's a lot
of pushback I saw on Fox Fox News
yesterday
Charles Payne I'm not sure what the word
right word is on-air host or personality
or host I guess he was hosting a show
and somebody tried to pull the fine
people hoax and he pushed back how much
did I love seeing a black man push back
on the fine people
hoax with actual facts I loved it I
loved it
and you didn't see that before right the
first times the first time you've been
seeing even FoxNews pushing hard on this
hoax is this week and it's because
people like me people like Steve Cortez
you know Joel Pollak people like carpet
humped him we're making it safe for
people to say the truth because we we
sort of went first and we took the
arrows you saw how many arrows did I get
in the back are you are you counting the
number of arrows I have in my back for
hammering this topic on and on and on a
lot of arrows all right Candace Owens as
well other people too I'm not I'm not
limiting it to this small group but
because some of us went first and took
the arrows and knew we were gonna get
arrows we have made it safe for people
who would not recently would not want to
take that risk - at least repeat what
we've said or at least repeat the second
part of the quote so I think history has
been changed and I hope this was a good
periscope today a little different than
most and I will talk to you later