I'm pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom what a day what a day it's a
beautiful beautiful pre summer day and I
know I'm in a good mood I'll bet you are
and there's so much to talk about so
much to talk about most of it's good
news I'd say at least 80% of it it's all
good news that's why you come here you
come here for the dopamine and the good
news my my goal for the coming year
is to increase your dopamine as well as
your knowledge but to do that first we
must do something far more important we
must enjoy a simultaneous sip and it
doesn't matter if you've got a cup or a
mug or a glass it doesn't matter if
you've got a chalice a Steiner tankard
you could have a thermos you could have
a flask you could have a vessel but if
you have one of those things fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that I call the simultaneous
cent Oh
sublime alright first of all if you have
not seen Joe Rogan's podcast it's a new
one with navall rava can't stop
everything you're doing and put that on
your list and I don't say that about a
lot of things but this is one of those
things where you should just trust me
put it on your list don't not watch it I
refer to Nepal as the smartest person in
the world now you could argue there
might be people in the world who have
higher IQs I wouldn't know but what is
interesting about invol is a he has used
his vast intelligence to think about
stuff and research stuff and learn
things and make connections that you
haven't yet made and he has the added
advantage that he can explain it to you
in the simplest form so that you can you
can acquire
the benefits of his vast intellectual
pursuits very easily so he's the
smartest person in the world because
he's accessible it doesn't help to be
the smartest person in the world and not
be able to tell anybody anything nobody
can understand what you're talking about
compared for example to Nassim Taleb
probably very smart I wouldn't know
because I don't understand that anything
he says
so is he smart well I'm willing to
believe that Nassim Taleb is a brilliant
guy because I don't understand a thing
he says he's not an accessible
intellectual so he's got his knowledge
whatever it is is sort of stranded it
his head he you know there's no bridge
to my brain I can't get any of that
didn't he but wouldn't have all talks it
goes directly in he's got that gift and
you don't want to miss that so just look
for a Joe Joe Rogan's latest podcast I
have tweeted as well let's talk about
the Rieger
in China this is a really this is a
really tough topic the we Gers are the
muslim minority who are i guess they're
not ethnically Chinese is that true I
don't know what they are ethnically but
they're but they have allegedly and I
think the evidence is pretty strong that
it's true they've been rounded up and
put in concentration camps to the tune
of 2 million of them
almost I think entirely I'm saying
almost but I think entirely because of
their religious beliefs now none of us
can be happy about that but there's
something there's something that has to
be said about this
the Chinese are treating Islam like a
health problem if you think about it
they're literally using a quarantine to
try to eradicate an idea you know the
idea of their religion as if it's a
virus
and I've said before that you know music
for example I call a drug because it
goes into your head and it operates on
your brain and it changes your mood and
even can change your actions so to think
that music is not a drug I think is that
there's a mistake you should think of it
that way in addition to all the other
ways you think of it but you should
always think of music as a drug because
it's reprogramming your mind religion
too is like a drug because it goes into
somebody's minds and it actually forms
their thoughts and determines their
actions so like music and like video
games like a lot of other things it's
something that enters your body like a
virus like a drug and once it's in your
body it sort of takes over over your
thinking to some degree sort of like
you've been taken over by some kind of
alien virus now if you say well the
virus that I got is the virus of let's
say Buddhism chances are if you have
that buddhism virus another here I'm
calling the virus just the idea of
Buddhism the way people think you
probably would not be dangerous
would you agree now I'm not saying
that's a universal truth but if you got
the Buddhists mental virus and you
became the Buddhists you probably
wouldn't be very dangerous to a country
to anybody else if you got the Christian
virus would you be dangerous maybe
depends where you are what period of
time how radical your your variety of
Christianity is but you know 99% of it
were or some vast majority of it would
not be dangerous so most of the modern
you know 2019 Christian idea virus is
benign it might be good for the person
who has it it won't necessarily catch on
to other people
unless it happens to be a strain of the
virus that people are actively promoting
it and trying to convert other people in
which case it would catch on but the new
people who got it would not necessarily
be dangerous so they would be catching
an idea like a virus they would change
them but not necessarily in a way that
would affect the country the tribe the
family now take Islam 90 whatever a
percent of Islamic ideas can enter
people and they don't make any
difference at all they just become good
citizens they're good Muslims they love
their God they love their neighbors they
love their families they fit in in their
community so most people are would be
let's say immune to any any bad effects
from the virus but Islam is not one
thing there's the the peaceful form of
it which everybody says I think pretty
much everybody would agree that's great
let's have more of that peaceful form of
Muslims or or if Islam it's all good
but there's another strain in which if
you try to leave the religion you're
killed actually killed for just changing
your mind about the religion that's
pretty dangerous and there's another you
know pocket of Islam in which they want
to conquer the world and dominate and
turn people who are not Islamic into sex
slaves and that sort of thing behead the
infidels whatever now China is taking a
very inhumane cold-hearted there's no
way you can defend it approach to the
Uighur community it seems that what
they're doing is treating it like a
health problem meaning that their
quarantine in it and they're literally
trying to eradicate it in the host you
meaning the people they're trying to
re-educate them you know the reports of
torture and every other kind of bad
thing that happens at a concentration
camp and they're treating it like it's a
virus outbreak
that they don't want to spread to the
rest of China now here's the problem
it's just if there are a lot of problems
with this first of all it reminds us of
course of the Holocaust but I try to I
try to say this every time the Holocaust
comes comes up if you're comparing
something to the Holocaust
you probably shouldn't there are some
things that just don't compare exactly
to anything the Holocaust doesn't really
compare to anything it's its own thing
right American slavery doesn't really
compare to anything else it's sort of
its own thing so using those analogies
tend to derail any any conversation but
we are certainly reminded of those
things by looking at these concentration
camps now what's fundamentally different
but most people would say not that much
less evil is that it assumes that the
intention of the Chinese concentration
camps has more to do with trying to
protect the country from what they say
is this idea virus of Islam and that
doesn't make it better it just makes it
different so let's let's forget the
Holocaust because it's just different we
can't learn too much from it except that
people are evil and they could do
horrible things more than you could even
imagine they can do so China can't be
listen you can't be forgiving but they
are taking approach which has to be
acknowledged is not like anything you've
ever seen before I don't know that
there's any analogy to try to quarantine
and then eliminate an idea virus which
is what they would call it you know if
your Islamic you would just call it your
religion and that would be a fair thing
to call it but from the Chinese point of
view they actually have sort of a health
outbreak that could cause people to be
radicalized in ways that would be
damaging to China apparently with the we
Gers on for
for them live in a their land their
territory has strategic value that's
very very high if they didn't live in a
place with high strategic value probably
they wouldn't have nearly as much
problem now the other thing you have to
keep in mind is that China is an atheist
country and I believe that they try to
deprogram every other kind of religion
is that not true I'll need a fact check
out that in is modern China in 2009 can
you be a man of the closet practicing
Catholic is that is that something you
can do could you be a member of any cult
any religion probably not so the first
question you have to ask yourself is are
the we Gers being treated in a way that
the every other Chinese person is not
being treated and the answer is I don't
know I don't know because if the average
Chinese person who was ethnically
Chinese and not a weigert if they tried
to form a church and go to church and
and and teach the Bible what would
happen to him I think they would be
immediately stopped but I need somebody
to validate that that's that's true now
if that's true you have to use that
frame to look at what's happening to the
weekers under that frame as horrible as
this is they would be treated exactly
the way every other Chinese person who
would be treated every other Chinese
person was saying I'm going to stay away
from this religion because it's going to
get me some big problems in my daily
life
the weavers are apparently saying I'm
gonna keep my religion no matter how bad
this is for me but I don't know that
they're being treated differently that
doesn't make it right I'm not I'm not
certainly not forgiving anything China
does and and I think you could make the
argument that because of the Uighur
situation we shouldn't train
at all you could make a pretty
compelling moral ethical and even
practical argument that we should shut
down try China entirely not cause a war
not to cause trouble just say you you
are so we dis eval you so strongly that
how can we trade with you it's so bad
that we can't even do business with you
there is such a thing you could be so
bad that you can't do business with
somebody and are we there are we at that
point where we just can't do business
with them it's easy that's an important
question I understand the State
Department just issued a strong
statement which is what's making me
bring this up so the administration just
issued a statement condemning in very
strong language very directly
the Chinese treatment of the we groups
and so let's keep an eye on that let's
keep an eye on that alright Joe Biden's
energy plan apparently he had some
plagiarism in it so apparently he
borrowed from some nonprofits who talked
about what to do with climate change and
energy and all that the bar apparently
they lifted approximately some language
and put it in this now of course this
brings up Joe Biden's plagiarism from
ladder know however many decades ago
where he had a speech where he
plagiarized some other famous person but
I'm gonna say if that's the if that's
the biggest problem you have with Biden
is that a staff member borrowed some
language from something that they agreed
with that's the smallest smallest
problem in the world so I'm gonna say
that it's of no importance but I've
noticed that as people talk about
Biden's plan the most important story is
that he's he seems to the full throated
about nuclear he's calling out nuclear
and especially he seems to be referring
to the smaller plants the generation
four that needs some extra development
he seems to be calling it
actly the right plan as far as I can
tell he's right on point but it also
agrees very much with the president's
plan so the the Biden's you know
breakthrough you know climate change
green energy plan I'd like to see it
compared to president Trump's plan which
is non-existent in the sense that he
hasn't packaged up anything that looks
like a climate or energy plan there are
plenty of things the Energy Department
is doing that are great they're doing a
lot of things to promote nuclear to
promote development to make it easier to
generate so the administration is doing
great things in this energy field but
they haven't packaged it up in anything
like a plan the way Biden has and so I I
felt Trump's administration for that all
right I was stopped in the grocery store
yesterday I was I was just at my local
supermarket picking up some groceries
with Cristina and a young gentleman came
over and asked if I was Scott Adams
I said yes I am and he was a he said he
was a fan of the podcast so worthy
whatever this is the periscopes and
youtubes and he recognized me from that
and the Estes you could have my
autograph on his mega hat which he had
in the car so he asked me if he could go
to the car and get his mega hat and come
in and get my get my autograph what do
you think I said no no and now I would
have no problem signing anything for
anybody if it's just a signature but I'm
not gonna stand in public especially
where I live
in cyan a make America great again hat
in front of other people now keep in
mind that my neighborhood is quite
diverse so that you know that the staff
and the shoppers in my store you know
what it was the full melting pot and the
last thing in the world I'm gonna do is
stand in public and sign up a cat like
I'm not going to do that so I hope I was
polite I hope he took it in a polite way
because I was I was I was I loved the
fact that he asked for the autograph
I'll never be tired of that because you
know I don't do anything I do in my
career to not be noticed and not be
appreciated so I love the fact that he
yes words but I wish I could have
complied now this brings me to my next
point
when 2020 comes along is the Maggi hats
still going to be the same thing it was
for 2016 here's my suggestion I don't
think you should be I think the best
thing that that Trump supporters could
do would be to lose the Hat or to
replace it with a 2020 version that's
invulnerable I would like to suggest a
slogan for a 2020 Trump supporting hat
that's a replacement an improvement are
you ready for it it's one word jobs
that's it jobs here's the beauty of it
you have the entire anti-trump world all
stirred up to hate whatever Trump
supporters do especially if they're
wearing a hat if you're wearing a hat
that says jobs you're first of all
calling attention to the most powerful
thing that the president did but it's
better than that it's directly and
specifically and intentionally
good for people at the low end of the
economic you know situation it is
specifically good for the very people
who think the Hat is a sign of evil it
would change the focus from something
that sounds hey make America great again
are you telling me you want to bring it
back to some white supremacist sort of
thing to it if you can't that is
unsolvable in 2020 you cannot fix Magga
in 2020 it has been hugely successful to
get Trump elected I would say it's I
think you could argue that make America
great again the way Trump did it with
the hats and everything else probably
one of the all-time greatest branding
jobs in history you know maybe Nike just
do it is up there but really maybe
Trump's is better so it did its work
make America great again did its work
it's time to retire it Jobs is
unambiguously positive everybody likes
jobs jobs are unambiguously good for the
lower end of the the economic class
specifically good for people who were
you know every ethnic group been women
every gender it's just good now what
else does jobs have for it
well it reminds you of Steve Jobs which
makes you think of Apple and people like
Apple so that the word has the most
positive connotation you've ever seen
it's got a religious connotation you
know job and here's the best part
Jobs is one half of two of my favorite
two of my favorite things if you if you
add another word in front of that you
get all kinds of fun activities I'm not
going to mention so it's one of those
words that makes you ever think of
everything from money to sex to religion
to Apple Computer it makes you think of
all good things
and it does fit Trump Trump has been
saying jobs shout shout shout shout
shout just put it on a hat it's an
accomplishment as well as an ambition
because there's no such thing as being
done with jobs jobs is something you
keep you can improve forever no
somebody's suggesting jobs not mobs that
made sense when there were more mobs
because there definitely was a mob
period in last you know a year ago there
were some mobs if we don't see more mobs
then I would just go with jobs because
the mobs kind of went away why did the
mobs go away jobs the reason there
aren't as many mobs is because there are
more jobs all right and so that's my
suggestion I am nowhere nearly as good
at this sort of thing as your president
is so I would expect that whenever he
comes up with for his new 2020 slogan
will be as good as that or stronger so
look for that but I definitely
definitely and I'm very confident about
this next statement
don't use mega again in 2020 complete
mistake so if you're paying attention
for those of you who would like to see
me make a prediction and or criticize
the president if the president uses make
America great again and the same hats
for 2020 I'm gonna say that's a
stone-cold mistake that's just a
flat-out unforced error if he retires it
as in like you retire at Jersey you know
how sports teams when one of their great
players retires they retired the number
in the Jersey I think the president
needs to retire the slogan it worked
you gotta be lected it made it made I
think great things happen let's honor it
all right something else happening if
you haven't seen the perpetual Dimond
illusion you gotta see it it's another
one of those things it's a visual
illusion but it's one of those things
that reminds you that you don't have any
idea what reality really is because you
can see reality changing right in front
of you but reality is not changing
that's what makes it a good illusion you
feel like it's moving but it's not if
you haven't seen it you can see in my
Twitter feed or just I think if you
google perpetual diamond illusion it
will pop right up were see there's a
funny Trump campaign ad not from Trump
somebody else made it I don't know who
made it but it's where he's walking
across scenery and the scenery keeps
changing - of all these good things he's
done it's really really well done so I
tweeted it this morning take a look at
that yeah that's a real good example of
making you feel something with them all
the critical thinking it makes you feel
something all the way through and never
gets boring even though you know it's
it's a few minutes long it's really well
done
next topic it seems that Netflix is
doing a mini-series on the Central Park
five situation there's a coincidence
right total coincidence that Netflix
who's doing a deal with Obama and I
forget who Hilary is doing a deal with
but so Netflix obviously loves Obama and
ah what a coincidence literally the
worst thing that could come up during an
election year
just happens to be coincidentally the
miniseries that that Netflix wants to
focus on now do you think they hired
Susan Rice Netflix did somebody who's
saying in the comments now do you think
it's a complete coincidence that this
new hoax the essential part 5 hoax which
by the way it's all a hoax when somebody
says what about that bad Trump who said
the Central Park five should be executed
when they were when they were innocent
he'd never mentioned race he mentioned
crime he said that exactly what he says
now if if you kill people maybe you
should be executed it's no different but
of course
we'll be couched as it's a big ol racist
thing when in fact that's all hoax now
this comes on top of the Chernobyl thing
what was the one thing that could make
the whole climate change advantage that
the people on the Left had what's the
one thing that could make their entire
advantage go away focusing on nuclear
because nuclear is the only path whether
you believe climate change is a problem
or if you don't it's exactly the same
path you should do the new technologies
that of nuclear that have been proven
very safe and you should do them as fast
as possible either way because you need
the energy even if you don't need to
clean up the environment but you don't
even need to decide we don't have to
settle who's right about these climate
predictions no decision needed it's the
same path that you should do it just as
hard either way now Biden of course has
now endorsed that so the people on the
Left if they want to protect their idea
that climate change has to be solved a
certain way what is the very best way
they could do it make a documentary and
scare the pants off people talk about
Chernobyl too much so when you look at
the Central Park five mini-series on
Netflix that leans left and you look at
HBO which leans left there sure
Chernobyl special should you see any of
this as coincidence maybe I mean maybe
they've been planned for 10 years I
wouldn't rule it out but they also got
green lighted at a very interesting time
so it might be not necessarily the
creators that decided to do it it could
be whoever gave it the green light it's
like whoa I didn't like this before but
this is a pretty good project for 2020
so we don't know the details but I think
we're entering a period where the way
elections will be may be influenced is
by art it seems to me that art is
starting to replace political discussion
because it's so influential I'm not
going to watch you know
because I don't want it to influence me
do you get that I mean there's a reason
I don't vote because I don't want to be
influenced to join a team I also it will
intentionally not watch Chernobyl
because it's meant to scare me and I
want to make decisions without that
influence I will probably not probably
I'm sure I will intentionally not watch
the central 5 miniseries unless I have
to watch it to debunk it and I think I'd
probably have to so I take that back
I'll probably watch it just to debunk it
so that's different I've noticed this
CNN has there they seem to be pioneering
a new form of journalism which I will
tentatively label the triumph the insult
dog news if you read if you read CNN
they you know that opinion pieces and
their opinion pieces often will be so
reason free that you can read them for a
long time and and see a lot of insults
before you get there anything like a
fact or a reason let me let me read one
sentence from one of their articles up
there that is a triumph the insult dog
type of news has nothing to do with the
actual triumph the insult dog I'm just
using that as some acknowledgement so
this is this is from an actual argument
our actual article on CNN quote just how
ignorant middling and a moral is Kushner
the Axios interview offers some
startling clues among them is that he
manages to spin his utter incompetence
as a good thing where are the reasons
that's just a whole bunch of insults
with no facts I mean it must be
referring to something they're thinking
about but you can read the entire
argument the article and it's nothing
but triumph the insult dog until the end
and you get to the end it you're like
what are the reasons the reasons are
blah blah he's done that's not a reason
give me give me something he did this
down but
yes oh he's ignorant middling an amoral
so show me the evidence that would
support a moral middling or ignorant I
don't see it and it's not offered but
cNN has just turned into insult porn
it's like if if the insults feel good
because they're insulting somebody you
don't like well it's a little bit of a a
little bit of a buzz you get from that
all right here's another topic our
babies as necessary in the digital age
are they necessary now when I say our
babies necessary why is the reason
anybody has has a child now if you ask
somebody why do you have a child they'll
give you reasons but wouldn't you agree
it's a biological imperative in other
words whatever reason we give for having
babies is probably subsidiary to the
fact that we would have babies no matter
what we are human beings we have an
impulse to reproduce because we evolved
to be reproducers if we didn't reproduce
there wouldn't be more of us but why do
you but what is the basis of the
biological need to reproduce and I have
a hypothesis that I would like to share
with you that the biological basis for
reproduction is our ego the sense that
we are important why why do
hypothetically I don't have any genetic
children but hypothetically if I wanted
to have a baby of my own with my own DNA
why why would that be preferred over
adopting or over just paying my taxes so
other people's babies can be supportive
why well I think it's because we humans
believe there's something special about
us that needs to extend past our
lifetime in other words we feel there's
something that has to be of us that
needs to go on so that we don't feel
that we die that our ego or importance
our self can carry on the way to do that
in the past historically
is been by putting your DNA which is
essentially a database your DNA is a
little database and you put that little
database in your children and then they
go forward and have children and the
database changes over time but your it's
still something that sprang from you
it's important now fast forward to 22
2000 2009 teen fast forward today do you
need to create a database of your DNA so
that you will live on well I don't
because I have a digital record I have I
have books and comics and I have
podcasts and periscopes I've got photos
I've got every form of me is captured
there is a full and permanent digital
database of Who I am that will kind of
live forever you and it will live both
in the impacts I have on other people as
well as it will be stored and people can
watch it a thousand ears from now so you
have may have noticed that in civilized
countries where there's a lot of
Technology the reproduction rate is way
down so it's becoming a problem
the civilized countries are having fewer
babies now there are lots of reasons for
it some of them are well a lot of them
are economic but I would like to suggest
that whenever somebody gives a logical
reason for why people either have are
having babies or not having babies that
these are rationalizations they can be
true like true facts and they may be the
way that we're internalizing them as in
hey the economy is bad I can't afford to
move out I can't get out of my apartment
I'm living at home I'm certainly not
going to have a baby maybe that's all it
is perhaps that's all it is but I would
suggest that people are not that
rational and that there may be something
more basic that is keeping us from
reproducing and that answer is social
media if you have social media you're
creating the record that is your
database of you that will live forever
ish
and maybe your biological need to
reproduce is being suppressed by the
fact that you are reproducing your
you're sending your ego out in the world
just something to think about I wouldn't
die by that hypothesis you know I
wouldn't bet my life on it
some think about I've noticed that
there's a big change going on I wonder
if you noticed it when I got my
smartphone
it was great they did a bunch of things
but it was slow and the Wi-Fi never
worked and the screen was small but as
the smartphone simply evolved it reached
the part where it is now and that place
it is that if I have my phone which is
an amazing device that can reach all
kinds of places and people and I have my
battery that can give me you know hours
of time and I never worry about running
and battery time and I've got unlimited
usage which I do on my plan and I've got
a super fast Wi-Fi in my house which I
do that television has become
unnecessary especially if I'm wearing my
ear pods or or headphones have you felt
the same thing that when you have those
things headphones smartphone battery
backup or at least you're not too far
from from power and unlimited usage
isn't it true that television is
unnecessary in fact television is so
unnecessary that if I were to build a
home today from scratch
I might not put a television group in
there when I built my house 10 years ago
I I thought hey I'm going to do what
rich people do I'm good for little home
theater in my house do you know what is
the least used room in my house the
theater nobody in 2019 wants to sit in a
row of seats and watch one screen that's
the same screen that everybody else is
watching at the same time sitting in a
room and he can't leave the room nobody
wants to do that do you know what I want
to do I want to put on
an episode of you know the five or
tucker carlson or or you know joe rogan
or something i want to put that on put
my phone in my pocket put my headphones
on and go for a walk go for a walk
because i'm walking and watching
television and i'm watching exactly what
i want and nobody's bothering me
etc so I'm thinking that television as a
thing is is going to shrink quickly so
as people catch up to where the you know
the the people with money are I mean the
reason that I can do these things is
that I have money you know I can I can
buy it following I can buy a really good
battery I can get unlimited usage I've
got a good Wi-Fi but those things will
become accessible to more and more
people over time and I think television
I think television is on his way out
somebody said I should get a real drum
kit I have real drum kits I have a makuu
stick drum kit in the house and I've got
electronic in the in the garage let's
talk about here's a yourself that I've
thought about you know the the problem
of not having fathers you hear it about
hear about it a lot now I've pushed back
on that because I think that it's it it
unfairly says that a single mom you're
somehow missing something because
there's not a father and I think that on
average father adding fathers to it is
probably a good thing
but that a single mom with resources can
do a great job with a kid and I don't
think that we should we should poopoo
that but given that there are so many
people who haven't had fathers for
various reasons they're broken families
the father left or the father just
wasn't good at being a father it feels
to me that there is there are a number
of people who are finding father's
online and you know where I'm having
this when you watch as I mentioned
earlier navall Roth account if you watch
him on
Joe Rogan's podcast what you're seeing
are two fathers and I think to a large
extent that's at least half of the
appeal there are people who never had a
father talking to them the way a father
teaches a son especially and one of the
things that Joe Rogan said that was
fascinating is that over 90% of his
audiences mail they've all said the same
thing he started a podcast and over 90%
of it was male my periscopes are over I
think over 90% male so my content also
is 90% male Jordan Peterson as people
are prompting me here he was I was gonna
mention him next
Jordan Peterson is the father you didn't
have he's sort of the father you wish
you had ad Latin as again you're way
ahead of me I was he's on my list
ed Latimer Jordan Peterson Navarre rava
Conte and to some extent me because I
was looking at my stats for my youtube
usage of people watching me on youtube
and I was surprised to find that I have
a very strong demographic in the 20s and
30s all men a very strong following in
the 20s and 30s which is unusual for my
age generally people watch things that
are sort of youngish and close to who
they are you know you expect old people
are going to watch older people doing
stuff young people are gonna watch
younger people doing stuff but there's a
very clear trend of younger men who were
absorbing this content from online
fathers and I think that's kind of
what's happening here that their men
have been lost feeling that there's
something missing in their experience
what I grew up my father was a I would
say a week a week male he was didn't
much didn't have much ambition he just
sort of went to work and worked hard and
had two jobs now I asked myself watching
my father being a very dedicated you
know family guy who worked so hard he
had two jobs and just took care of
business
didn't complain much did that have any
effect on me well probably I mean
there's a genetic aspect but I think by
example I learned hard work so to me
having two jobs or three jobs which is
exactly what I have now I mean I'm a
cartoonist I'm writing books and doing
these things and a lot of other things
so there are things you absorbed from a
father if you're male that you're just
not going to absorb in the same way or
with the same impact or quite as
compatibly if you're watching even the
best female role modeling world because
a female role model is going to have
some of the things you need but maybe
not the same things that a male role
model would give you so I think you're
seeing the outsourcing of fatherhood and
I quite intentionally took this role
because my book had a feelin almost
everything and still win big was written
for my 14 year old stepson I wrote it
with him in mind it's always a good idea
to write a book with a specific audience
in mind and I like to think of a
specific person so when I'm writing the
book I'll think okay who is this for you
know and I'll think of a person who
represents the class of people I want to
go to because I know that one person
it's often a family member and our so I
write to my brother sense of humor
and I was writing that book to my
stepson now unfortunately my stepson
passed away this year
from fentanyl fentanyl overdose so he
did not get the benefit of this book he
had just reached the age where he was
asking about it and starting to read it
which crushes me but there are people
who were doing this sort of thing
Jordan Peterson being the most obvious
case of it so think about that
think that there is a virtual fatherhood
digital presence that's happening and
and I think it's important because there
if you look at say the inner city for
example there's you know just tons of
people who don't have any kind of a
father but now if they have a phone they
can find one so a lot of people are
finding a father figure and a lot of
people have told me that in in so many
words that I'm filling that place for
them alright I want to talk about how do
you how do compensate for social media
bias and then I'm gonna tell you how to
get rich off of it
okay ready for this so first how to
compensate for any social media bias and
then I'm gonna tell you how to get rich
off it because you can get rich
whenever there's some kind of
imperfection or imbalance in the world
and there's an imbalance in our world
right now I'll tell you how to exploit
it which will be good for me by the way
so what I'm going to tell you is good
for me but it could be good for you too
suppose suppose you had a piece of
software this sits above your various
social media platforms and you add to
them the alternates so you've got your
social media platforms your Twitter's
and your youtubes and your Facebook's
your instagrams etc but then there are
the new ones such as parlor and gab and
mines and who knows how successful
they'll be able let's let's add them to
the list right now
then imagine you have a piece of
software this is on top of them and is
the only thing that posts to them so
you've set this piece of software up so
it has the permissions so you can post
once and it will post to whichever
platforms you want from that moment you
could post as much quantity to the
alternate platforms as you do to the
primary platforms somebody's saying it
exists but not in the form that's usable
and
and easy-to-use well that's the same
thing but imagine it also has this so
you're so the first thing is you would
create diversification so you would
create a a diversified portfolio of
social media platforms such that if you
get kicked off a one you have the others
that's what diversification gives you so
the first thing I would recommend to all
of you is to diversify you should
diversify your platforms even if you
don't use the lesser platforms putting
the count on it do some posts see if you
can gather some some people because if
you get kicked off of one you want to
have the other one on the hot standby
hot standby takes is important right
then you want to have your your software
that sits above those platforms
monitoring them for follows and
unfollowers under the same names so in
other words you want to use your same
screen name that you use for Twitter if
you get on an alternate platform so I am
Scott Adam says on Twitter I'll try if I
had thought of this earlier I would have
been in Scott Adam says on all my
platforms I haven't I didn't do that but
I should have then here's the thing you
want to be able to track anything that
doesn't make sense across platforms
because this would be your test for the
algorithms biased against you so for
example if you started to build up
enough of an audience on the alternate
platforms you could post to Twitter and
the alternate Twitter whether it's
parlor or gab or whatever else to do it
both and then see what happens what
happens if it takes off on one platform
and goes down on the other then you
would notice it you wouldn't necessarily
notice it if you were using one platform
because if you only use one platform you
just know what happened you don't know
why but if you've got two platforms and
one goes up and goes viral and the other
one doesn't that's a red flag the next
thing you could do is track your
unfollowers what happens if people were
using the same names or a lot of
not everybody has to use the same name
on every platform you'd only need enough
of them so that if you found that your
your software above saw that you've got
unfollowed by somebody on Twitter you
could go over to parlor and see if that
same person has unfollowed you because
if they haven't why not because if your
unfollowing somebody on one platform
wouldn't you unfollow them on the other
well of course you might be lazy or you
might not be using the other platform so
there could be a reason you just didn't
get around to it it's just an extra step
you didn't want to do it but if
everybody was using the top-level
software then if you wanted to unfollow
somebody you could unfollow them from
all the platforms at the same time so if
you get enough people using the
high-level posting and monitoring
software because it's not just the
posting
it's the checking it's the checking
against platforms so anything that looks
mischievous on one can be detected
because it's not happening on the others
that's the magic sauce now the only way
to get their check up somebody's calling
it maybe so now the only way to get
there is if people take the concept of
diversification seriously if you were if
you're investing diversification is good
in most of life diversification is a
smart thing we don't do it in social
media and we see the cost of it so I
would say you should go out of your way
to keep alive these startups that are
potential competitors to the big
platforms so whether it's parlor or gap
or mines whatever it is and other ones
will come along you don't necessarily
have to move all your action there
Twitter does what these others can't do
and maybe will never do so I'm not going
to move my traffic wall to Twitter it's
still going to be my dominant platform
but I'm gonna make sure I've got a
YouTube channel and I opened a parlor
account so I've got some place to go
fairly quickly if things turn sour and
one of my platforms so that's why I
suggest
now I'm gonna tell you how to get rich
taking advantage of the news silos so
you have a situation here where half of
the country here's one kind of news on
the left the other country here's the
other half and then there's no there's
not much crosstalk how could you get
rich taking advantage of that
imperfection in the way people process
stuff I'm gonna suggest something that
is a hundred percent self-serving all
right
so if you can't get past that you
probably want to sign off now this is
good for me but it's good for a lot of
people and that is if you understand how
crypto currencies work you know that
what makes them go up in value is simply
that a lot of people want to buy them so
if a lot of people want any crypto
currency it will go up in value whether
it's Bitcoin or anything else I start up
to when hub has a cryptocurrency that
has a utility meaning that it could go
up for two reasons one reason it goes up
is just a lot of people buy it that
that's all it would take just supply and
demand because there's a limited number
the other way is if people use the one
hub product because that creates an
internal demand which also makes the
value go up now what is it that you
people know that everybody on the Left
doesn't know they don't know what one
help is they've never heard it I'll bet
there are very few people on the Left
who have ever heard that it exists
because they don't listen to me and they
have no idea but people on the right
because you've been listening to me are
very aware of it or at least people have
seen my content whoever owns these
cryptocurrencies first gets in on the
bottom if enough of you do it you can
bid it up until everybody notices it so
if the value of the wind went up from
it's yeah it's trading under five cents
bouncing around between two and five
cents right now which is typical for
cryptocurrency but the volume is
starting to build there's there's far
more trading in it on hot bit
uh-oh that's an exchange so there are
two places you could get it one is go to
when hub comm and all you need is a
credit card and you can just buy it
right on the site second way you can get
it is to go to an exchange I would
recommend hottub it dot IO and you can
but on there you'd need to you know have
some Bitcoin or so these are two to
trade so if you're experienced with
crypto you'd go to an exchange
that's the cheaper way together if
you're not experienced you just want to
and some you can still get a cheap at
one table come by it it is a self
self-fulfilling investment so you can
actually control how well it does by
your actions and whether you buy it so
if people following this bought a lot of
it it would become noticeable to
everyone and as soon as it became
noticeable to everyone and it had some
momentum behind it then you would see
people on the Left buying it just
because it's going up people buy stuff
because it's getting action and it's
going up that would allow you to get
rich by taking advantage of the silo of
news because you can get in before they
get in by the time they get in you've
already made your money you've doubled
or tripled your money now you should
never take advice on anything financial
from cartoonists the probable outcome of
any purchase of any crypto asset bitcoin
or anything else is zero you probably
will not make money on any crypto
investment the when is probably safer
than 98% of crypto just because it's a
utility token and it has a real product
beyond it but otherwise crypto it is a
very very risky thing don't do it
because I said so the only time you
should ever buy any crypto stuff is if
you can afford it you can afford to lose
all of it so that this is the best way
to thank you if you would be very sad
like it would really bother you to lose
a hundred percent of your money don't do
it so but if you would say well I'm
investing in a lot of different things
I'm diversifying
like where this is going I could put
x-small dollars into it and if I lost it
well you know that's no big deal
somebody says it all sound shady the
entire cryptocurrency market is is more
fraud than real there's some of it that
people are doing and legitimately we are
we're all lawyered up it's a real
product it's a real company it's a it's
a it's a solid offering but be careful
with anything like that let's talk about
one of the things CBS has introducing
some concept stores with what they call
health hubs I don't know exactly what
that is but I like it
so CBS which has locations everywhere
put some kind of a health care you know
facilities in their stores that's a real
big deal and it's one of you know part
of the tapestry of things that will
lower health care costs and make it more
available in the future I think I've
talked about everything I want to talk
about today just look at my list if you
want to see this on YouTube as a
playback just Google real real coffee
with Scott Adams it'll pop right up and
if you watch it on YouTube I would be
very happy and I want to thank you for
joining me and I'll talk to you later