hey everybody well what a great day
no really this is gonna be one of the
best days of the whole week and what
better way to kick it off than the
simultaneous SEP that's right that's
right you said it at the same time and
all you need to enjoy the simultaneous
up to its maximum potential I'm talking
maximum potential here we're talking
about the kind of simultaneous if that
will boost your immune response I'm
talking about the kind of thing that
will move mountains change civilizations
yeah that kind of simultaneous SEP and
it's coming at you but all you need all
you need is a cup of Marburg Lassa thank
or jealous or sign the canteen director
flask oh that's a live any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous sip and it happens now
go I feel like I could eat raw Pangolin
right now wouldn't bother me nope easy
weird comments today let's talk about my
notes instead of your weird comments
about hot dogs and I don't even want to
read the rest of that stuff it's a weird
day today alright I noticed this morning
that I've got a hundred and fifty
thousand views for my video that's
pinned on my Twitter feed teaching you
the user interface for reality and a
hundred and fifty thousand views there's
a lot for what I do and I actually went
back and watched it again like a viewer
there's a strange phenomenon that
happens when I make these videos and I
first noticed this what I used to give
speeches and a lot of interviews live
interviews I would do I could do an
hour-long interview and when I walked
away I would have no memory of it I mean
I would have a general memory of it but
I wouldn't really remember what I
answered or what I talked about because
I do so many of these and so I did the
the the user interface to reality video
and I kind of forgot about it instantly
the way I always do not in any special
way but the way I always do when I walk
away it's like okay I know we talked
about that general topic but I don't
have a I don't hold it in my memory as a
whole so when I when I watch myself on
playback I have this weird experience of
watching it like like I'm watching it
for the first time like it wasn't me who
just said it 24 hours ago it's the
strangest thing it's like it's like a
third party experience where you're just
watching somebody else because I don't
know what I'm gonna say just like you
don't when you're watching it because I
don't remember what I said in one order
and as I'm saying it I'm watching it and
I had the weirdest experience watching
myself talk and saying things I didn't
quite know what I was going to say as I
said them but here's the the thing that
I got out of it I did not know how much
persuasion technique I build into just
my regular communication until I watched
it as you know just an observer which I
typically I'm not in that had and I
thought to myself my god so he says were
you high yeah I was of course but it
wasn't the evening you should you should
know the answer to that question but
that's not why I don't remember them the
reason I don't remember them is common
over my entire career no matter what my
mental state but you should watch if you
watched it once for the content you
might if you're just interested in
technique especially if you've read wind
Bigley
if your friend wouldn't Begley look at
the persuasion technique that I used
throughout and especially look at the
this one variable which I actually
talked about in the video which is
curiosity watch from the very beginning
how I how I tweaked your curiosity to
keep you for what is a pretty long video
and then ask yourself if you can feel it
as it's happening
so that that's the fun part so see if
you could feel yourself getting curious
and actually feel the persuasion
trapping you to watch the rest of it
just interesting to see if you if you
felt it
alright the biggest fake news of the day
is about testing this is I will call
this a double fake news so basically
it's fake news on Fox News it's fake
news on CNN it's just all fake news
here's what I think is happening so this
is my best interpretation of what's
happening I won't give this a hundred
percent but it feels like this is what's
happening when the administration says
that and president says specifically
anyone who wants a test can get one is
that true because he says that multiple
times so yesterday anyone who wants a
test for the corona virus can get one or
is it true as CNN is reporting
consistently it's not just not true
Bill Gates would say it's not true then
we don't have as much you can't get a
test just because you want one and we
don't have enough so they can't both be
true right can it be true that everyone
who wants one can go on at the same time
that we don't have enough can they both
be true so one of them is true and one
of them is a lie right which one is it
both lies both lives here's the answer I
think I'll give him my theory I think
that when the president says anyone who
wants a test can get one he's talking
mafia talk here's what I mean hey doctor
can I can I get a test
why do you want to test I just want to
test I mean I think I might have it you
know it'd be nice no if I had if I had
it maybe I want to be around old people
or something but I want to test and then
the doctor who also in my example
happens to be a member of the Mafia just
to make it interesting
the doctor says you don't want that test
and then the patient said no I do want
the test
I'm just curious I'd like to see if I
have it could mean couldn't mean a big
difference to me and the doctor says
these these tests you only want these if
you've got symptoms and the patient says
no I want it I don't have any symptoms I
just I just want it and the doctor says
you don't want that you don't want that
you only want that if you have symptoms
or if you're being contact traced
because you had contact with somebody
else or you're part of our random
selection for testing the antibodies
those are the three times you want it
the other times you don't want it oh so
I can get a test if I want it but you're
telling me that I don't want it now you
got it you got it you can get it if you
want it but you don't want it in those
other reasons right oh yeah I guess that
was my doctor couching impression it
wasn't supposed to be dr. Falchi let's
not make this ethnic that's my generic
mafia impression from the Godfather
could you recognize it I thought it was
spot-on so I would say that both sides
are lying by omission
the Trump administration is lying that
anybody can get one and you know of
course if you're talking about 50 states
there's some little anecdote about Ohio
doesn't have enough of whatever I'm sure
it's true that in some places they're
struggling to get enough because that
would just be normal right 50 states
they're not all going to be equally
ready that wouldn't even make sense
but it can't be true that anybody can
get a test just because there won't one
all right the president is sort of
talking mafia talk because remember the
suit
and I'm not guessing on this because his
his expert the what is that the
second-in-command at the Health and
Human Services says it directly and by
the way he's really good I forget his
name who soon as the guy is number two
at the Health and Human Services sure
hour or something but I thought he was
excellent when he broke down that the
tests are for if you have symptoms if
you're part of contact tracing or you've
been selected by whoever for you
asymptomatic testing just to see what's
in the atmosphere and I thought that's
actually a really good answer and that
would be a way better answer than the
way the president is doing it because
he's too easily taken taken was saying
literally I guess and I don't think that
the president is speaking literally but
when you're talking about health related
objects or situations you really need to
talk literally you know that's where he
gets in trouble you are so I thought
Gerard did a really good job of just
setting it up three reasons that you
need testing we do have enough testing
for those three reasons our focus on
opening the economy is that testing we
have enough for that I think that's fair
but they don't say that they say
everybody can get a test that's just
technically not true here's what enough
tests look like so over in China they've
decided that they're going to do some
more testing in the Wuhan because I
guess they got six new cases recently so
that was a little uptick they're
concerned about that so China is
planning to do 1.1 million tests per day
just in Wuhan for ten days in a row 1.1
million per day in one city ten days in
a row so it's not spread over ten days
they're doing 1.1 million a day for ten
days
one city how close are we to being able
to do that not even close
right no maybe we can get there by say
end of the year or something but we're
not there so when somebody like Bill
Gates or a
apparently China says enough tests is
what it looks like for Luhan that's what
it means to have enough tests alright
you know if you want to do enough
testing to actually stamp it down and
eradicate it you're looking at that
level of testing and we're not close to
that we're at the yeah you could have a
test if you want it you don't want it
you don't want that that's what we have
I do think it is true however that
probably amazing and heroic things are
happening in terms of ramping up so I
think when Jarrod talks about you know
how amazing our our testing is
increasing you know it's like a
hundredfold since thirty days ago or
something and some number like that I
think that's real and that should be
loud and we should be pretty darn happy
about that but I think that we all have
to be a little bit grown-up about what
is possible to to scale up to that level
of testing that we would need and to do
that in two months is really sort of
unprecedented I mean to expect that it
would have gone smoothly is asking a lot
of a country and that doesn't do
anything smoothly so anyway I think it
is entirely possible that you could do a
great job of getting testing together
from wherever it was to wherever it
needs to be you can do the greatest job
in the world and still not get close to
where you need it to be and I think that
describes our situation I do think the
government probably did a great job of
increasing testing it's just hard and it
takes a long time so what would be the
standard to say that they had done it
well or not done it well it's purely
subjective should it have been done in
one week well it wasn't so they failed
should it take six months well they'll
probably beat that they'll probably have
all the testing they need in less than
six months is that a big success depends
what you're measuring it against and we
don't know what what was what was par
what would be a good job what would that
look like we don't know
there's no reporting on that so you
can't even tell if we did a good job or
a bad job it is there's no I would say
there's not sufficient evidence that you
can even have an informed opinion about
whether the government is doing a good
or bad job you can tell if there's
enough but you don't know if they got
there the right way is the best way one
of the funniest things that you will
ever see and it's funny because it works
you know when when somebody does a
really dumb trick and it works and you
think I shouldn't have worked that is
the dumbest trick in the world it's so
obvious what you did how does that work
and CNN - this was they ran a poll in
which they were asking people in the CNN
poll who they trusted the most to give
them accurate information about the
coronavirus situation and on CNN's poll
interestingly enough they found that
people trusted CNN
more than they trusted Trump to tell
them about the coronavirus now here's
the funny part why in the world would
people not trust Trump what would cause
that to happen could it be non-stop
reporting buy fake fake news CNN that he
had wondered aloud about drinking
household disinfectants which of course
never happened could it be that they're
reporting on his hydroxychloroquine
which was smart risk management
conversation by adults which they turned
into he wants to kill people for no
reason
could it be that the reason that CNN
viewers or at least anybody who saw CNN
poll I don't know if they were just
viewers I hope not
if it was a decent poll why why is it
that people might not trust jump well
well maybe because all the reporting is
fake and people believed it when
Keeley mcaveeney the new press secretary
was asked why she used to think
something about Trump and
she changed her mind and she said well I
used to read I used to listen to CNN and
naively believe it which was a hilarious
answer it doesn't CNN's poll kind of
answer itself like they actually have
the guts to deliver fake news about what
Trump was saying for months and then do
a poll of whether you trusted Trump's
Trump's opinions and then they weren't
even real ones that takes guts okay you
have to admit that's funny
right I mean isn't it kind of funny that
they could get away with this they can
make up the news and then blame it on
Trump here's a little thing that I just
thought was funny so I watched the press
conference I think many of you saw
yesterday in which the reporters were
wearing masks and the president wasn't
now we've all talked about the president
now wearing a mask he I think he just
doesn't think it looks presidential and
I'm not so sure he's wrong about that
I'm a little bit on the fence on this
one because Trump's instincts
on this stuff the the visual persuasion
are really strong so I would say that he
is probably taking a chance not probably
I mean if he's not wearing a mask it's
riskier than a few words so let's agree
that that's just statistically a truth
but how much of it is how much of a risk
is it for any one person who is
otherwise healthy it's not the biggest
risk in the world you don't want your
president to take risks but that's not
the biggest risk in the world if
everybody else is being tested and he's
not shaking hands anymore that sort of
stuff so you can see why Trump would
take the chance
but you can also see why a reasonable
person would say maybe you shouldn't or
be a better role model or whatever
anyway you can see the argument the part
I loved is that the reporters didn't
have an option
the reporters there is so so here's the
visual for me that the Trump wants the
press to shut up and they get up and
they've got masks literally covering
their mouths and their mumble
remember refer for over I have a
question I have a question that you have
barely here's what my mask but the
president doesn't have a mask so the
fact that the press was literally
muzzled and and we watched it they stood
up and they were muzzle proficient and
then the president wasn't muzzled I just
loved the visual it was just this this
wonderful moment of where the president
was giving a perfect visual persuasion
now you know you could argue that he
ruined it by getting snippy at the end
and walking off but even at the end by
my impression during the entire press
conferences that he was boring but it's
a good way you know every now and then
you want you want Trump to be boring
right because you don't want to bang
news on some topics and every time he
talks about the science or anything
about coronavirus in my head I'm saying
no don't do it don't do it just just
talk about the political stuff no talk
about the science no no don't go there
then he goes there but the thing the
thing I always say about Trump is that
he doesn't know how to be uninteresting
I do it's it's the most consistent thing
you've ever seen he can't be
uninteresting so he gives the press
conference totally totally
straightforward didn't get too political
stuck to the facts seemed just
professional and competent and I thought
to myself yeah that's good it's
professional competent looks like he's
on the ball I'm a little bit bored I
think I'm watching an Obama press
conference and then at the end he gets
all snippy with the press you don't need
to know the details but he you know you
made the the end of it memorable not in
a good way because he just walked away
after a while
thank you very much he was out of there
and I thought to myself oh there it is
he cannot make an appearance boring he
doesn't know how to be boring so at the
end he had been boring the entire time
he's like well
put a little dessert on there and and
now it's national news let's see let's
see let's say we got other stuff here
one of the most interesting elements of
the fake news and let's call this a
battle between the left and the right
news is this frame was Trump a big
success or a big failure and was Andrew
Cuomo a big success for a big failure
well it seems to me that both Cuomo and
Trump largely followed the advice of
experts for pretty much everything
wouldn't you say as far as we know right
I don't think either Trump or Cuomo
departed from experts but there might be
one exception for both so one exception
I believe at least the way it's being
reported is that Trump departed from
experts when he decided to close travel
from China except for u.s. citizens and
and that was right so now we we agree
that Trump defiant he D what he called
he did what the experts were not telling
him to do and now we all agree that that
was the right decision but otherwise I
think he just did what the experts told
him to do now the states are not doing
what the experts told the states to do
but that's sort of on the states so
Trump was compatible with the experts
except for one big big call a very big
call which he got right was that affair
defied thank you I couldn't come up with
the word defied the experts is that a
fair summary could you do you think that
even the other side would say yes right
or wrong
Trump followed the recommendation of the
experts with just that one exception
closing the travel and he got it right
Cuomo as far as I know I can use a fact
check on this but I think Cuomo probably
followed the experts to the one question
I have is returning people to the
nursing homes which turned out to maybe
kill 5,000 people
now do we know here's here's the there's
a hole in the reporting I don't know if
you've noticed this but this is very
missing
why did Cuomo or did he even know about
it you know did the governor himself
know that patients were being returned
to nursing homes I mean did he sign an
order like that did did he talk to
somebody did an expert say it would be
okay so when you're evaluating Cuomo the
part of the news that we don't have
because we don't have good reporting or
I haven't seen it maybe maybe somebody
has reported it is was Cuomo simply
following the best expert advice what he
said what do we do with these people if
that conversation even happened or was
that a case where he violated or defied
defined did he defy their advice
somebody's saying yes he did but also he
signed the order to do it people are
saying in the comments so let's say
let's say that that's true there's
enough of you saying he signed the order
did he know did he know that that was
what the experts were advising or did he
know that the experts did not invited
advise it because I don't know if they
did or did not
were there any experts involved so I
would like to know more about that
reporting it sounds like all of you are
fact-checking me and saying he did sign
the order so he was aware of it but
being aware of it doesn't mean it was
necessarily a mistake unless we also
know that the experts told him not to do
it soon a has the order from Cuomo
on his Twitter but that wouldn't tell us
if the experts had recommended it right
okay so forget about the question of
whether he signed it let's say he did
let's only focus on was he advised
because it is looking like Trump got
everything right the least in terms
being compatible with the experts
whether it turns out right or not and
the one thing he wasn't he got right
closing travel so is Cuomo the same I
don't know I will say this again and
again and again
when we're blade we're looking back in
the past in this fog of war once we have
our perfect vision of the future you
know we'll be so smart in the future and
we'll look back and say well we should
have done this we should have done that
and I'm not going to stand for any of it
whether it's Trump of mistakes or Cuomo
mistakes alleged mistakes real mistakes
and the other governor's mistakes and
the experts mistakes any of it because
we were asking people to make decisions
without without the benefit of all the
information that was the task our
leaders were given you know our experts
and our leaders please make our
decisions we all understand we don't
know what is the right answer
and we're gonna have to guess and we're
gonna have to adjust guess adjust guess
adjust so when you ask your leaders to
guess what's right try it and then
adjust because that's the only thing we
had we didn't have good information you
know wouldn't it be great use all our
great drugs on our great information
we'd have any of that we were totally in
the dark and so if you're totally in the
dark and the only thing you can do is
try stuff and then adjust and then we
note that our leaders we're doing
exactly that trying stuff and adjusting
I'm not going to I'm not going to
tolerate for this governor got it right
and this one didn't because if you got
50 governors somebody's gonna get it
right does that mean they're the smart
ones does it because you can't
demonstrate that you can only
demonstrate that there was done 50
different ways and they got 50 different
results you're not gonna really know who
was the smart one you really not so we
should be easy on ourselves meaning our
leaders who had to make those decisions
be they Democrats or be they're
Republicans I know it doesn't work that
way but we should alright here's the
here's the weirdest thing oh I love the
fact that I think Tucker Carlson is the
only one who talks about this that there
actually is no evidence of Russia and
hacking on the Podesta's email
did you know that that because it's been
reported as just a fact that we know the
Russians act us but if you actually dig
down now we know with the Obama Cade
stuff coming out that we actually don't
know that and I think you remember very
early on when I was talking about it the
way I was talking about it was this how
is it we know that Russia was hacking
because if we know that Russia was
hacking I don't know what hacking is
that's the part I was lost I was like
are you telling me that that our highest
level government spy hackers leave a
trail but that tracks right back to them
the the those are like the best hackers
in the world working for top secret
intelligence agencies they don't know
how to hack something without leaving a
trail so that part was just
mind-boggling to me that anybody
believed that we could actually no
certainly you could leave a trail that
it was someone else
couldn't you isn't that common so I
always took that as I hear what you're
saying that you know Russia did it
I hear you're saying that you got your
secret sources well I'm not gonna buy
the the Seth rich part of that story
you know I don't rule anything out if I
don't have a reason to rule it out but I
don't have a reason to rule that one in
all right so here is this to world thing
happening with Obama gate first of all I
very much love the fact that President
Trump has embraced the Obama gate
hashtag and label because Russia
collusion has now been rebranded it was
the final step because it was one thing
to say Russia collusion Russia clusion
but that brand of the topic made Trump
look guilty
just just when you talked about it
because they had Russia collusion right
in the name of the topic well now that
we know that that didn't happen at least
in terms of the president's involvement
or the administration in deded a new
name and Obama Gates is
sort of perfect political branding now
I'm not saying you know I'm not giving
you a moral opinion I'm just saying that
it's effective from the Republican
perspective to call it Obamacare you saw
how sticky that was it was like the
major trending thing and it also it just
just the name of it now puts it on Obama
but here's the question what do we know
that Obama did here's what we know
here's what we know and then I'll tell
you what the two worlds have divided
into okay here's what we know that Obama
reportedly voiced concern voiced concern
so this is not gave an order he simply
was voicing concern about potential
Russian influence with the Trump
administration now that's that's what
the the reporting is so the only thing
we know is that Obama asks the question
I think of Comey and Yates should we do
anything differently because there's
some concern about Flynn and Russia now
is that illegal is it illegal or even
unethical to wonder aloud whether
there's any kind of Russia connection
that's important to know with Flynn now
you say to yourself but Scott there's no
evidence that there's a problem but you
know everything everything that matters
with whether this is an Obama gate or
just a series of bad decisions by
individuals the difference is what
Obama's internal mental state was and
and what the internal mental state of
Comey and Yates were when they had the
conversation that's not in evidence the
thing we don't have an evidence is what
anybody was thinking we only have an
evidence what people were saying and
what Obama was saying was a question
it wasn't that order it wasn't an order
I did think he said get me the answer to
the question which is should we treat
Flynn differently now was this simple
question from Obama should we treat them
differently you know in other words
briefed them fully and all that stuff
was that question really an order and
was that question an order with details
like you know wiretap own spy in the
administration could you say if the only
thing you knew and you could never
approve more than that is that Obama
simply asked the question would that be
enough to say that he ordered the
takedown and the coup of the United
States
okay can you connect those doubts
because I can somebody says it's
unethical to wonder aloud why would it
ever be unethical to wonder aloud if
somebody was compromised by Russia I
don't get that point now Trent Gowdy was
on was it a a Hannity show or Tucker
show I guess at a Tucker show and Trent
Gowdy said that there's a as yet still
redacted memo so there's part of some
memo might have been Susan Rice's but
Trent Gowdy says with a big smile cuz
he's seen it you haven't then when that
gets unredacted that we're gonna know a
lot more so here's what I suspect if I'm
just looking at what's been reported and
you know the the new stuff that's been
unredacted I don't see evidence that
Obama ordered ordered a takedown of the
government you know the incoming
government so it's just not there what
is there is a lot of there
circumstantial evidence what is there is
a lot of stuff to speculate about what
is there is that reasonable people could
look at this and say you know Scott I
get that you're not like looking at the
smoke
gun but there's a lot of smoke and guns
and there's way too many of them for
list I need to be coincidence so let me
say as clearly as I can I'm not telling
you that Obama didn't order it I'm not
telling you that trey Gowdy I'm sorry
not Trenton County
you people are correcting me in the
comments trey Gowdy not to Trent so yeah
so I'm not telling you Obama is innocent
I'm saying I haven't seen the I haven't
seen the evidence have you but it's
being reported by you know Fox News
mostly types it's being reported that
the smoking gun has been found and and
now we have the evidence that Obama
ordered basically a coup but I would say
it I don't say it at all
I the only thing in evidence is he asked
a question which wasn't the worst
question in the world to ask because you
know I've defended Trump for asking in
private meetings you know crazy
questions that just really are you know
you throw out there you see what happens
and you move to the next crazy question
so asking questions are a little out
there it's not that unusual I don't
think so
if I had to guess where this is going I
would guess that the further under read
actions will lay clear that there was
more of a plot here than we know so if I
had to guess some somebody says if it
walks like a duck and talks like a duck
well that's where you're wrong if it
walks like a duck and talks like a duck
gets usually confirmation bias if you
don't get that you're not operating at
the highest level of understanding of
your reality let me say that again
you've heard the old saying you know if
it walks like a duck it talks like a
duck it's probably a duck completely
false and if you ever believe that
you're wandering around in a dream world
if it looks like a duck and walks like a
duck and quacks like a duck it only
might be a duck it only might be did you
happen to see the bill bar
edited the video the MBC showed
according to the NBC video that you saw
with your own eyes you saw you saw them
laughing and saying well the winners get
to write history ha ha ha you saw it
with your own eyes you saw a bill barr
walking like a duck talking like a duck
quacking like a duck how could how could
you be wrong he was just laughing at
winning and ignoring the rule of law you
saw with your own eyes how could he be
how can you be wrong it's right there
well except we soon found out that it
was an edited video and you didn't see
it with your own eyes you saw the edited
clip which one you see it in its
entirety
it literally reverses the meaning
because he says you know winners write
the history but you know we hope it'll
be written compatible with the rule of
law because it needs to be basically
paraphrasing so if you're still stuck in
walks like a duck quacks like a duck
it's a duck you've missed the last three
years because it's all walks like a duck
quacks like a duck but isn't a duck
president trumpet did not suggest
drinking bleach he did not call
neo-nazis fine people a lot of people
saw it except they didn't they think
they did they thought they saw the duck
quacking and walking how could it not be
a duck I saw it duck duck duck it's a
duck all the way except it wasn't in any
of those cases it's never a duck so you
need to lose that mindset however I
would predict the things are seem to be
heading in a direction where we will
know it's a duck so don't worry I feel
like I'm going to end up where you are
because some of you I know that those
who watch me regularly can get
uncomfortable if my opinion differs too
much from yours because I hear that all
the time but I expect that our opinions
will converge it's just that you're
there you're there based on
circumstantial evidence I need a little
bit more I don't think you're wrong
necessarily I just think that maybe
you're a little head
the evidence has been presented that's
all but we'll probably end up in the
same place the other thing that I
thought was interesting and again I
found this out on Tucker's show I got to
tell you
Tucker Carlson's show is just one of the
best things ever I mean you know I I
have my quibbles about some of the stuff
that's on there but that would be every
show I mean any show I would have some
quibble about that but the the quality
in which he lays out I guess the view of
the world that you weren't seeing
anywhere else it's just really well done
I gotta say it's really well done this
whole Obama gave stuff he laid out
really cleanly I thought here's my
question where's the worse than
Watergate guy where's Carl Bernstein
because I'm not going to be happy until
I see Carl freaking worse than Watergate
Bernstein go on CNN
ideally CNN and say you know if I'm
being honest I'm being honest
Obama gate is a way worse than the
Watergate now I don't think he can say
that yet because for the same reason
that I'm not saying it because I think
you need that that gun isn't quite
smoking in my world yet I think it will
I think we'll really unreal we know
what's going on but I just need to see
Carl Bernstein say I gotta admit Obama
gates worse than the Watergate because
if the allegations are true is far worse
it's not even close when you say not
even close
somebody said what is the threshold for
evidence the threshold for evidence
would be something that is reported
reliably that Obama said that's it so if
all he did was ask a question that's all
we know but if he said go take these
guys out investigate them anything like
that any direct order or it could be
even a note by an assistant so it could
be an assistance note this
you know the boss wants us to do this or
that I would take that as you know if
those notes were taken at the time I
would take that as evidence all right
and some part of the story I don't quite
think we understand all of and that is
that this some part of the story is that
the there's some underlying desire by
the Obama administration to keep the
pressure on Russia and now so much on
China so Obama wanted to be a little bit
more anti Russia friendlier with China
and knew that the Flyn and the incoming
administration were the opposite that
they would leave a little friendlier
toward Russia a little less friendlier
toward China and I asked myself what's
behind all of that don't you feel like
there's some kind of money thing behind
that because if you were to look at it
on the surface and doctor said this last
night
Flint apparently was was writing off
Russia as a declining power one that's
not actually a risk to the existence of
the United States
isn't that just true wouldn't you agree
that we don't have any reason to be in a
war with Russia and in the long run it
doesn't look like they're gonna dominate
us economically so if you were to
compare the you know rising China just
because of population alone and that
will give them more money collectively
just because of the number of people if
China just goes the way it's going how
could you even compare the risk of China
with the risk of Russia that it looks
like a hundred to one I don't even know
how you'd put them in the same
conversation and that's what Flynn said
Flynn said declining power no economic
risk it's a regional power but China
China's looking to dominate the world
and that could really you know have a
big impact so what was it that made the
Obama administration see the world
opposite of that
what was that and the only thing I can
imagine is lots of economic interests in
China so the only thing I can imagine is
that you know billionaires and
politicians etc had so much business
with China but relatively little with
Russia right how many billionaire
Democrats are doing big deals in Russia
besides besides maybe Trump tried to and
didn't so if I had if I had to guess I
would say that rich Democrats wanted to
keep their business in China thought
that Trump was a risk to that and wanted
to put the pressure on Russia instead he
always needed an enemy so I guess they
wanted Russia instead alright now
there's one tantalizing bit that we're
finding out that Molly Hemingway reports
that when Obama was having this meeting
that we've just learned about early on
in which he was talking about the
transition that according to Molly
Hammond way Obama asked the people who
would be leaving at the end of his
administration I think that was guys
like Brendan and clapper to leave the
meeting and he kept only those two
people who would be continuing on and
the Trump administration James Comey and
then Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates
and then Molly says that's where they
started hatching their plan to make sure
that the incoming administration would
not find out what they had been doing is
that in evidence is it in evidence that
that's where they started hatching their
plan to make sure that the incoming
administration would not find out what
they had been doing or what they had
planned to continue doing in terms of
spying on the Trump administration is
that in evidence I would say I would
need I would need to see the documents
in support of that
all right yeah and I guess that's that's
where we're at so we're we're just
interpreting that conversation as
meaningful or not meaningful depending
on who you are
here here are some things affecting this
coronavirus stuff they're sneaking up on
us
you know I don't think we're gonna have
any kind of a magic bullet for defeating
the coronavirus but there's a whole
bunch of stuff that in little ways seem
like you know they're gonna chip away at
it until it's important you hear all the
things we're doing that probably will
bring down the curve all right so
individually they're not very meaningful
but if you add them together so we got
the masks in the social distancing no
doubt that makes a difference we we now
know that the nursing homes have to be
extra protected and that should cut the
deaths at the half wouldn't you think if
the only change we made was better
protecting nursing homes death rate gets
cut in half so we know we'll probably do
that right we the hydroxychloroquine
seems to have some the fact it's not a
magic pill but it does seem to help so
you got a little bit of that going on
the apparently the ventilator situation
we're getting smarter and not killing
people with ventilators now so if if you
were to simply subtract from our death
toll all of the nursing home deaths
which we now know how to prevent and
also all of the ventilator caused deaths
which are tragic it happened when they
thought ventilators would make things
better but probably we're making things
worse and actually killing people so if
you took away all the ventilator deaths
that we now know better how to avoid
with the nose cannulas and the you know
protein people on their stomach and all
that the new techniques that they're
using those two changes alone might drop
the number of deaths by half when you
say and then you add on to that just
knowledge that we have with the testing
you know we can test better and and even
knowing that I think the
african-american community and
especially men are getting whacked
harder and you can't directly turn that
into action it's hard to say we know
which groups are getting affected and
then directly turn that into it
something useful but I feel like we
might be I mean just the fact that if we
know that the black population
twice as much problems in terms of
outcomes there might be some way to you
know use that information productively
to protect a group of people better than
we're doing so just the fact that we
know more has given us tools to you know
attack this thing and I think it has to
be said that we probably have a pretty
good chance of keeping the curve flat
for a good while the projections on
death at least one model has 137
thousand by the end of August where is
that compared to what you thought it
would be of course we don't know if
that's real yet but comparing the
hundred and thirty seven thousand
projected deaths from proto virus of
which many of you suspect are being over
accounted to the regular flu deaths
which we now suspect are close to zero
if you've missed that story I talked
about that the doctor who looked into
how we count regular flu it turns out
the way we count the number of people
who die from the regular annual flu is
we don't count them that's it
the nobody's ever counted it we don't
count how many people died of the
regular flu it's determined by an
algorithm they they've got some model so
basically we have no idea so it's not
it's not a coincidence that you don't
know anybody who died as a regular flu
but you probably do know somebody or you
know somebody knows somebody who died of
crota virus because you're saved you so
well if the numbers are somewhat
comparable why do I only hear about
people dying for this one thing and my
whole life I've never heard of anybody
dying from this other thing some of you
have heard of people diagnosed Lou but
it's rare so the real number of people
who die from the regular flu might be a
few thousand every year a few thousand
that's it so you should be kouf you
comparing let's pick a number let's say
five thousand so five thousand for
regular flu that's probably the real
number the reason that it's inflated is
so you'll get a shot
if so you'll get a vaccine of course
they want to scare you with the flu so
you'll take it more seriously so that so
let's say that the new estimate is over
a hundred and thirty thousand more
deaths than the regular flu if you were
to buy those projections and I don't
know that necessarily what would you say
oh I changed my mind
I thought it was no worse than the flu
when the information I was getting which
was flawed was that the regular flus you
know twenty to sixty thousand this one's
gonna be around sixty thousand they
looked about the same to me is there
anybody yet who is willing to say okay
you got me this is not the regular flu
have you seen anybody do that yet I
don't know if I've seen anybody
explicitly say okay I was fooled I
thought it was no worse but now I'm
seeing these numbers now I know how you
counted the regular flu wow these are
completely different I don't know if
anybody's having that realization the
Supreme Court stuff is sneaking up on us
because I guess they have some huge
things going on deciding whether we can
look at Trump's taxes right before
election I mean how cool is the movie I
mean you might hate it or love it but
how cool is it that sometime over this
summer you may or may not get a look at
Trump's taxes now I don't think we
should in my opinion it's just it's
unnecessary and it just gives political
fuel for for taking things out of
context so basically Trump's taxes is a
gigantic opportunity for his enemies to
take things out of context that's it
misinterpreted take it into context so
it would be a gigantic story most of it
would be fake you as we know but that's
not even the only thing happening
they're talking about daca LGBT queue
rights I don't know exactly what that's
about
and you know even at redacting
unredacted some stuff I mean there's
there's some big stuff coming so if you
think this summer is going to be boring
politically it's not somebody says
Muller's saw his taxes that's a good
point
did Muller see his taxes because one
would assume he could right because it's
only a question of whether the public
sees them
so if Muller saw them and he didn't
raise any flags
then we would only be worried about
people taking things out of context and
interpreting them wrong
all right Grinnell is doing a great job
of pushing the D classifications one
imagines that's why he was putted in
that job because he's going to push over
in T classifications where are we with
the Golden Age good question here's what
I think I think this coronavirus much as
joel osteen said in his own way but you
put the religious spin on it but but I
don't I think that we the coronavirus
situation is making us rethink all of
our systems and all of our assumptions
and that when you do that it lays bare
the flaws
so the coronavirus has as surfaced every
problem with everything because as soon
as you get that that little extra you
know catch in the system anything that's
not working right
brakes immediately so you know you saw
breaks in the health care the food
supply you saw breaks and all kinds of
stuff but even education commuting
working at home I mean just everything
from shaking hands - what does your
social life look like is all going to be
rethought and when you rethink things
that that a fundamental level when you
when you shake the box and then you turn
your geniuses loose what you've done
likely likely what you've done is
created an opportunity for one of the
biggest entrepreneurial surgeons in the
history of humankind because usually
your society gets a little ossified you
know the regulations build up and it's
just hard to get anything done
and then suddenly the coronavirus comes
what happened to doctors who couldn't
practice telehealth across state lines
was there ever a reason for that was
there ever a good reason doctors
couldn't make a phone call across state
lines no there was never a reason for
that so that rule just one way will it
stay away don't know I think there's a
good chance of it but if it did it could
completely transform you know health
care you know why would you go to a
doctor if there's one right on your
screen and you can just order your meds
or you could go to Walmart and have the
test that your doctor tells you to get
yeah just go to Walmart tell them you
need a 1-2-3 test you go to Walmart take
a little blood give it to your
telehealth doctor I mean they're they're
gigantic structural changes that are
just going to sneak up on us and it's
because things changed and it opened up
all these paths for entrepreneurs so I
think the golden age is guaranteed at
this point and that the coronavirus will
be like its third act it'll be the thing
you had to get past for the good thing
to happen now I would argue similarly if
you take World War two well nobody would
ask for a World War two in the same way
nobody would ask for a coronavirus it is
true that World War two sort of rebooted
civilizations and it did create all
these new technologies that we built for
mostly for military reasons it gave us
you know nuclear energy I think it gave
us radar space technology your rockets
so when you reboot civilization and
you'll wipe away all your assumptions
and in the case of world war two you
destroy half of your buildings you can
start over and it almost always turns
into an entrepreneurial surge because
there's just new opportunities in chaos
so the Golden Age is coming for sure
2021 is your start dates for that that
[Applause]
let me talk about all the bankruptcies
so we're seeing lots of airlines and
other companies declaring bankruptcy the
first thing you need to know is that
bankruptcy doesn't mean going out of
business it means that they're trying to
get some relief for their creditors you
know so they can maybe pay less or
whatever and stay in business so
bankruptcy is a way to stay in business
not a way to go in a business that's the
first thing secondly there are a number
of companies who are saying we're going
atta business so you'll see you know
store owners saying all right we're
we're closed for good what are they
imagine the coronavirus is over the
landlord has an empty shop and the
person who's there is closed they just
walked away what does the landlord do
well if they're smart they say the very
best tenant I can have is the person
who's already designed the space for
exactly their business so I don't have
to put in a bunch of improvements and
rip this stuff out to make it a
different kind of thing so I can rent it
for someone else
the best bet for the landlord is say
okay I know you didn't pay me for three
months and I know you can't pay me for
another three months and you're still
the best bet will you will you start up
again so I think you're going to see
that a lot of companies that think they
were closed forever because there were
so many of them end up being reopened
here let me say that clear if you are
the only person who goes out of business
and the rest of the economy is fine you
got a tree you got a problem is your
problem you failed when everybody else
was doing fine now you failed in your
business what does the landlord want to
do get rid of you and get somebody in
that business they can succeed so that
they can pay the rent that's not this
this is this is massive failure that was
nobody's fault if you've got a potential
tenant who was just part of a massive
failure that was nobody's fault that's
your very best person to bring back as
your next tenant so I think you're gonna
see a lot of businesses reinvest
wrong with the business it was just a
situation and as the situation
normalizes so too you would expect that
at least the better better businesses
they should have should have stayed
business will revive that's what I think
yeah there are a lot of businesses that
have never been busier I tried to go to
the bike store my local bike store does
bicycle repair and sale stores are open
because they're they're actually
transportation critical infrastructure
but you can't even get in a bike store
in my town you have to wait on the
sidewalk and I waited so long I just
gave up so you can't even get in the
bike store so they're doing okay well
2121 be the Golden Age if Trump loses in
a different way I mean the entrepreneurs
won't be affected by Trump losing so
much so probably entrepreneurially yes
politically no why are dog parks closed
well I think same reason is yeah I keep
seeing this always bothers me you know
Fox News sometimes take life's to take
the the easy the easy sounding political
statement so I saw last night that they
were questioning why you could do some
things but you couldn't play tennis do
you not understand why you can't play
tennis during a coronavirus thing is
there anybody who is who is confused why
tennis where you're standing pretty far
apart do you not understand why that's
that would be bent because the whole
point of tennis is you're continually
touching the tennis ball that the other
guy just had in his hand that's like the
whole game is holding a ball in your
hand that the other guy just had in his
hand you you might as well make out with
your tennis partner because I mean
that's about as much exposure as you
could possibly give to two people you
might as well just like take your
clothes off and snuggle if you're gonna
play tennis because you're sweating
you're breathing on the ball and then
you had to get to the other guy it
couldn't be a more perfect setting for
spreading a virus
uh-huh yeah well even if you wore gloves
yeah I suppose I might be able to help I
suppose but still you know the virus
would be flying off the ball and it's
airborne right every time you hit the
ball in theory every time you served and
you hit the ball that the air droplets
would come off the ball and into your
into your face so I don't think there's
a glove solution so when I watch Fox
News and they say these crazy rules that
don't make any sense why can you take a
walk in the park or whatever but you
can't play tennis well there's a reason
there's a reason here's the other one
you can walk on the beach but you can't
sit on the beach and Fox News acts like
they don't understand why that's why
that would be different let me explain
it to you if you're walking on the beach
you almost certainly are keeping social
distance except for the person you're
with who probably came from your house
right if you sit on the beach imagine a
bunch of teenagers sitting on the beach
are they get a socially distance no no
they're not so it's perfectly reasonable
to assume that if you let people sit on
the beach they're not going to be so
good but if you let them walk just the
natural way people react they're not
gonna walk right next to other people so
they get the social distance now is that
smart or not smart I don't know I don't
know it's not crazy it's act like to act
like that's crazy
it just bothers me it's like you might
think that doesn't help make that much
difference and you could argue that
freedom should allow you to be on the
beach anyway that would be a good
argument a good argument would be just
let people do whatever they want and
we'll work it out you can agree with
that or disagree with it that's a good
argument but let freedom be free let
them let them collect on the beach
anyway they won't I well I'm not sure I
would even disagree with that argument
but I'm only calling out the fact that
there's a totally a difference between
walking which is probably entirely safe
and collecting in groups no matter where
you're collecting on a group beach or
otherwise we don't know that to be true
I've got a feeling this sitting on the
beach outdoors is about as much risk as
you know nothing but it's not crazy to
imagine there might be something there
all right um they're told they can sit
on sand but not chairs I don't know
about that yeah I'm definitely of the
camp that you need to make your own
decisions about which these rules to
obey I do think that the wearing masks
in businesses that require them I feel
like that's that's one you should take
seriously if not for yourself for your
fellow citizens there are other things I
saw today that teenagers who have
boyfriends and girlfriends they're not
being allowed to see them yeah so
they're doing weird you know zoom
meetings and they see each other six
feet away and stuff and here's a
question I want to ask you do any of you
have teenagers in your house I want to
ask this question how many of you have a
teenager in the house who is not hanging
around with friends and boyfriends and
girlfriends are all of your teenagers
finding a way to to hang out with other
teenagers and I'm just wait a second see
your your comments my assumption is that
the the amount of cheating on these
guidelines is massive and that people
are just sort of doing it on the
down-low that's my assumption all right
ilan mask instead of Elon Musk what
shouldn't Elon Musk make us a mask I'll
tell you that here's the mask I want I
want the mask that has a built in far UV
light so that it's killing whatever's
behind my mask all the time it's just
odd yeah it's just a little UV light
shooting at my lips is just killing
anything think it's near why can't I
have that why can't I have the Tesla of
masks all right that's all for now I
will talk to you later