microphone well I decided to wear my
Nike jacket I'd been boycotting Nike but
Nikes back on my good side again that
wasn't really boycotting Nike but
they're definitely on my good side at
the moment I had to come back because
you know sometimes it's a - Coffee Day
this is a - Coffee Day please join me
grab your cup your mug and and please
enjoy the simultaneous up so by now you
all know that Michael a vanetti
is being indicted separately on
completely different things
coincidentally the same day one of them
is for trying to extort Nike telling
them that the you if he doesn't give
them 20 million dollars or whatever they
he'll do something to tank their stock
now apparently yet a client involved so
there was some claim I don't know what
it is and then there's the claim that he
he once received a settlement on behalf
of his client and then changed the date
on the settlement so that he could keep
that money for himself for three months
now I just heard what experts say well
he might be able to argue that the
extortion thing was just good lawyering
but the other thing kind of a problem
now so so I had to come on and enjoy the
the timing of this has this president
ever had a better week it's just crazy
that you know it's just coincidence all
these things are happening at the same
time but it leaked so in the larger
context
one of the things this president does
really well is that when somebody leaves
money lying on a table he picks it up
you know that sounds like like an
obvious thing right but I don't know
I've never noticed any other president
doing it if somebody leaves money on the
table he says this is free money all
right
he picks it up and I think that the
Golan Heights issue is free money and
what I mean by that is that the the
larger news context for the last several
weeks has been held members of the
Democratic Party are anti-israel see
where I'm going with this
so I'm sure the President does like
Netanyahu in office because they have a
good working relationship and I'm sure
that you know there are no coincidences
about you know his his timing etc but
the larger context was the Democrats he
was painting them as the anti-israel
side and he knew that their normal
instinct would be to criticize whatever
he does so he does this unambiguously
pro-israel thing to just there's no way
around it it's just good for Israel I
mean you could say it's good for the
ally is because we're all holding hands
and we have common interests and such
but really it wasn't in the national
interest of the United States and any
direct way except that is good for an
ally so the president seizes money
laying on the table which is wait a
minute
are you telling me I could just pick up
this money and nobody's going to be able
to complain because they're all trapped
and they are trapped they're trapped in
terms of the news cycle so he looks at
it goes how about if I just say we
recognize the Golan Heights Israel's
property and Netanyahu probably said
that would be amazing why don't you do
that or maybe the suggestion came from
the other side we don't know but there's
we'll just blow up a Hamas headquarters
well I'm sure they have lots of
headquarters so Trump realizing that the
Democrats have been trapped by their own
bad rhetoric from some members about
Israel and about a PAC apparantly that
they really couldn't complain oh they
would try but they kinda couldn't they
were trapped he'd already painted them
as anti-israel there's just nothing they
can say I mean they could try it by
everything they say it would just make
it worse for them so so he sees this
opportunity to do something that's good
for Israel it works against the idea
that that he ever said the racists and
charlottesville were fine people because
those racists were saying anti-jewish
slogans so he does something that he
didn't have to do if there was just no
reason he had to do this the Golan
Heights executive order did not have to
happen it was a completely optional
decision and have you how do you
understand that if you think that this
president was on the side of the racist
saying anti anti Jewish stuff those two
things can't go together
had he been sort of forced into this
making a decision then people could say
hey yeah he's just pretending he had to
he was forced into it
but there was no force there was no
influence that had any real determining
effect out of it all it was just a
choice it was a good time to do it
now I like also the following fact if
you're looking at the Middle East the
president is the I would call the
president the expert is setting the
table because people are saying my god
he's poisoned any hope of a peace plan
in the Middle East has he first of all
the odds of any kind of a peace
comprehensive peace in the Middle East
most people would say as well as so
small it would be hard to hurt it I mean
there's not much you can do to make it
worse because it's probably close to
zero I happen to have a more optimistic
view which is that this president and
this set of leaders in that area have
the best opportunity to get something
done piecewise this ever existed but
here's what he did with the Golan
Heights and if you haven't if this
hasn't occurred to you yet I guess it
will now every time somebody starts
firing in the Middle East Israel gets
bigger have you noticed the pattern
every time somebody aims a rocket at
Israel or even just starts a war over
there whether it's Isis or someone else
every time Israel gets a little bigger
and once you've and I've said this a
million times but it applies here once
you've developed a sense of a trend or a
direction the trend or the direction
influences your thinking far more than
where things are at the moment you're
looking at oh my god it's going in that
direction we got to stop it from going
in that direction that's really ways of
the psychology so he is once again
established this pattern which already
existed but it was you know it was sort
of an ageing pattern he just refreshed
it and he just said fight all you want
but the outcome is the bigger Israel
would you like to attack Israel any
anybody anybody anybody want to attack
Israel because if you do wait a few
years and Israel will be bigger now so
that's that actually is a good way to
set the table because you want the
people that you're negotiating with to
think that waiting waiting is a bad
strategy
you want them to think there's a time
pressure you want them to freeze the
losses you want them to think my god if
I don't do something now it's just gonna
be worse
my she a ting position will be
less the next time we have this
conversation if it's five years ago
Israel will be twice as strong maybe
larger and I won't have any extra
negotiating leverage might as well do it
now so the president's timing on this
Golan Heights thing and even just the
decision to do it at all
are kind of so perfect you know both
domestically and as a table setting and
and people had argued that the United
States can't be a credible player for
Middle East peace if we're too strongly
favoring of Israel president Trump is
testing that theory and I think it
needed to be tested we don't know where
this is gonna go yet but I absolutely
agree with testing the theory I probably
wouldn't have thought of it and I I'm
sure I wouldn't have done it
like it would not have occurred to me
that the right way to set the table is
by making it very clear that all the
power all the benefits just everything
is going Israel's way and then you go
into the negotiations you say you see
which way things are going is this the
way you want them to keep going because
we don't have to talk peace we can just
let you have more of what you already
have which is you know Hamas and and you
know that the bad guys are shrinking ice
is shrinking you can have more of that
or we could just lock it down down and
you can start building yourself back up
so you decide so I don't know yet but
there is a distinct possibility that
this was exactly the right way to set
the table for the negotiations and what
it does also here's another thing that
the the Golan Heights thing does have
you read in the paper the angry the
terrible
angry protests from the other Arab
countries I haven't have you
I'm sure they I'm sure they've made
statements right have it haven't hasn't
somebody made a statement or something
but suppose your your Hamas your Hamas
and you depend on you know some allies
in the area and the president just said
watch this here's the Golan Heights I'm
gonna say that we recognize it as Israel
now watch see what happens hello
protests don't hear it
you see you're all alone now right Hamas
so it has the effect of isolating Hamas
now it's possible that you know we asked
some of the key countries how they were
going to treat it before we did it I
don't know that we did that but maybe
and it's possible we already knew that
we would get a muted reaction and if we
did it's just great there's a garage O's
takedown I don't know what that's about
you see on TV now I'm noticing a I'm
noticing a lot after you address a
comment that went by somebody is telling
me that Q made a correct prediction let
me point out that everyone who was not
an anti-trump er made the same
prediction that you know there wouldn't
be anything coming out of this and of
this collusion thing so if you think Q
has been proven by saying the same thing
that every Trump supporter has been
saying for three years your you need a
stronger argument than that so there are
two push backs I'm saying to the Imola
report one is that well three really one
is that have you seen all the word
thinking I've told you I taught you
about word thinking word thinking
is when you try to win a debate by
talking about a what a word means as
opposed to talking about what the facts
are and the reasons now they're doing
that with the word exonerate and you're
watching them say things such as Muller
specifically said he is not exonerating
and they say that hold on hello yes
hello
good thank you
my name's Jeremy and I'm calling from
green arrow we did the maintenance on
your furnace a while back we take no
claim on my Chi's air filters as well
our invoice is showing that we did not
expect daddy for the court across basis
for bacterial build-up rhodium tonight
critter infestation is coming hmm today
we're sending off technician Shane okok
to you and at your convenience to
complete the service and do the full
inspection to make sure he can got me up
and up it takes less than an hour half
an hour tops
hmm yep morning in daytime no thanks I
was going to be nice to him I have to I
have to admit that I take my spam calls
now and I do one of two things with him
first of all that he was saying that he
had done some work on my furnace which
never happened so the call was a scam
it's somebody I've never worked with
before but I do one of two things one is
I keep them on the phone as long as
possible before I let them go sometimes
I just answer and let it stay there
because I want them to spend as much
time as possible not making money the
other thing I do is sometimes if I'm in
a bad mood I use them to yell at them
and I was going to do it but I decided
not to swear as much as I do so usually
I just start yelling a string of
profanities into the phone
because it's sort of a free punch I mean
they're terrible people they're
literally criminals and so I yell at
them too because it feels good there are
very few cases where you could just
scream with somebody with you know the
filthiest language you could ever think
of
but this is one so I don't recommend it
it's just something I do for fun if
somebody says I asked them to hold I
like that
all right where was I I was talking
about exonerated so now they're saying
but well I need to bring in my my
assistant Dale to show you their
argument what do you mean he's
exonerated he was only exonerated by his
own appointment e bar and residence line
but I'm not going to talk about roses
I'm gonna talk about bark so it doesn't
really count
cuz he's only exonerated by his own
appointee not by Muller who said he's
not not not exonerating well Dale in the
same Muller report he did say that he's
not exonerating him but he also said
there's no evidence of a crime and that
there won't be any more indictments
coming so what exactly was Bob Barr
supposed to do with the report from his
own person who reports to him after
three years when it says there's no
evidence of the crime was Bob Barr
supposed to start over and looked for
evidence of a crime himself spend
another 25 million or was Bob Barr
supposed to look at there is no evidence
of a crime and come to a decision
because that's what bosses do but but
Butler said he's not exonerating him he
said he's not yeah we heard that and but
you also heard
that he said there's no evidence in the
crime what was Barse supposed to do when
there's no evidence of a crime
it's like you don't hear me Muller said
not exonerated nah not exonerated okay
Dale settle down I hear you and I will
stipulate that Muller said that he's not
exaggerating will you stipulate that he
also said there was no evidence of a
crime
he said not exonerated he said that
exonerated exonerated and scene so
that's that is the one best argument I'm
hearing today the other the other
argument I'm hearing is what I call the
Charlie Brown and the football argument
have you heard it it goes like this okay
okay I knew we were positive Trump would
never get elected okay you fooled me
once sure I was wrong about that I get I
get that but it was Russia once we find
out all this Russia collusion business
he's out okay okay there's no collusion
so you did get elected fairly there was
no collusion but man wait for the
Southern District of New York the
Southern District of New York that's
where all the funds gonna be plus all
the detail in the molar report how about
that huh how about that so that's what I
call the Charlie Brown football approach
where no matter how many times Lucy puts
that football down Charlie Brown is
gonna still come around to that saying
he'll never get elected wait for the
molar report
no I meant wait for the Southern
District of New York report sorry Chuck
the Charlie Brown strategy so the
funniest thing happening lately is that
the White House communication group has
sent a memo to some of the networks I
saw this CNN one in which the White
House calls out the people that they've
been putting on their programs saying
wildly inaccurate things about the
Russia clusion
stuff and so the White House is
respectfully suggesting that they never
have those people on again and he names
them so they're actually named you know
who I have to look at it now let me read
that if you haven't seen this it's worth
knowing which names they call that
because these are people were having a
bad day today I would think if the white
if if the White House gets personally
involved trying to get you fired from
your job you're a bad employee but let
me just put this in context if the White
House ever contacts your employer to
strongly suggest that you be fired
you up you're not a good employee
you're just gonna you just gotta have to
admit you're not a good employee all
right sorry I didn't mean to swear but
the people they're calling out are
Richard Blumenthal senator Adam Schiff
of course Geraldine avold and Jerry
Nadler they're not calling out in
Adler's entire band you know Nadler and
the dingleberries but they're calling
out Natalie yeah Eric's wall well it was
got a lot of explaining to do Tom Perez
and CIF former CIA director John Brennan
they don't mention clapper isn't that
weird why is clapper not on there how is
clapper not the worst of the bunch I
don't know but as I look at if things
look different now don't they
things look different when you see
sois well and you see you see any of the
the people who are still sort of the
dead Enders you know the people who are
still in that cave on Okinawa
waiting for world war to end you know
the swallow ELLs like like that Japanese
soldier who you know hid in the cave
until the war was over but he didn't
know it was over so he just kept hiding
when you hear him talk now it no longer
feels like just normal political talk
and I don't know how much of this is
just my bias maybe a hundred percent is
just my bias probably a hundred percent
I want to see if I'd see if you're
having the same same impact now what I'm
watching somebody still try to you know
beat this dead horse to death I don't
see them as credible people anymore I
used to see them as people who maybe
believed there was something there and
you know sure they were being political
but it wasn't outside the bounds right
they they thought there might be
something I think some people were
legitimately convinced there might be
something there now when I watched one
of those anti choppers clinging to their
their beliefs they look sad and pathetic
and I can't tell if that's just my
changing context or if they are both sad
and pathetic
maybe there's no difference if it's my
opinion that they're pathetic so
somebody says you saw clapper as
credible
god no clapper is the least credible
person on television so here's my
question when as you're watching them
now and then I saw should I say this I'm
gonna say this but I know I'm gonna get
in trouble so now I watched one pundit
in particular who is a woman who I think
she has some made as a shower at least
she appears on MSNBC yet out in our name
but
her vibe was ex-wife I don't know if I
need to say more
but the way she was treating it was like
somebody was angry in a personal
relationship and none of it looked
credible like a commentator and it
didn't look credible like a news person
it didn't even look credible like a
reasonable person it was somebody who
was so angry about a relationship that
nothing they said made too much sense
because it's just it's the anger talking
yeah I'm not gonna tell you who I was
but look for that look for look for
reactions that look like angry ex-wife
one of you may have guessed correctly
but I won't tell you all right
I watched Don Lemon who oh yeah I'm
trying not to get myself in too much
trouble but I'm gonna make a dog analogy
I'm not comparing Don Lemon to a dog
it's just an analogy right so in this
what follows is not me calling Don Lemon
the dog I wouldn't do that
nonetheless when I chastise my dog
Snickers there's a look the Snickers has
have you seen it when you yell at your
own dog and the dog is just sort of like
Don Lemon looked like just the facial
expression I'm not calling him a dog all
right be clear about that that would be
inappropriate I'm saying that the look
he had is what I've seen before but I've
only seen it from Snickers which isn't
again that totally could be my
imagination so I might be I might be
infusing things with my my own filter
and maybe there's nothing that's really
different I'm just saying I'm just
saying he had he had the look of someone
who'd been chastised CNN Chiron on
Geragos its own contributor all right so
there's some new is about Garre goes see
and and I don't know what that is yet
CNN legal analyst Mark drag dose is a
vanadis co-conspirator oh my god
co-conspirator on what this was this for
this was for the Nike thing according to
the indictment avenatti and the alleged
co-conspirator met with lawyers from
Nikes holy cow that's interesting well
that is a very bad day for CNN Wow Wow
oh did Gray Ghost represents mullet my
god I think he did didn't he oh he was
just me smallest lawyer Greg us oh my
god they just fired him we'll see the
oju attorney I don't remember that bad I
was sad now
holy Adam Schiff Batman
I'm just looking at your comments
somebody says I can prove you wrong on
transgender sports
now you can't somebody said I can prove
you wrong about my opinion about
transgender athletes I don't have to
hear your argument because I already
know what it is your argument is that I
said X and you've got a great argument
about somebody who you imagine says some
different thing so you can take your
argument that will have nothing to do
with any of my opinions and pretend that
it has something to do with me and argue
with yourself all right I'm I'm just
saying there's there's no chance the
only reason I say this is I've been in I
don't 25 debates and all 25 of them
start with well you think that gravity
goes up and I say no don't believe that
so so rarely in my life have people
disagreed with me while also
understanding what I said it's a very
rare thing maybe 5% of the time
here's Michael Jackson's attorney all
right let's see what I just have to see
what I just got a look at CN what are
they doing the American people have a
right to the truth so CNN I don't know
if you saw that but CNN just showed a
clip of Brennan and it was in the
context
the people who are saying all the wrong
things are gonna need to answer for it
interesting so somebody says no more
women's sports well you're wrong again
because Renee Richards who is
transgender played played she was born a
man but played in women's sports and
didn't make any difference to tennis
because it turns out there aren't many
people in that situation but we don't
want to talk about that today we've got
better things to say so so it wasn't oj
it was Michael Jackson he was Scott
Peterson's lawyer you know it's funny if
it's true that Mark Geragos was Michael
Jackson's lawyer Scott Peterson's lawyer
and Jesse's smallest lawyer would you
pick him as your lawyer given that just
selecting him is a signal that ending is
a signal that you're guilty because
mcdougal went to jail too right is it as
gray ghosts literally the world's worst
lawyer
his most famous clients we're all guilty
as hell wouldn't that just tell that if
you were let's say you this is pretty
funny let's say you're in the jury say
you're a jury trial and you don't know
what anything what the trial is about
you've just been selected for the jury
trial and the accused comes in and you
see that the QS lawyer is my is Garrigus
Mark Geragos and you say to yourself huh
where have I seen him before and you say
to yourself and Leo later because you
can't Google it while you're in the jury
box so later you're like I feel like
I've seen this guy before
you google it you go oh he was the
lawyer for mcdougal who is guilty for
Michael Jackson who thanks to that
special we just watched we know is
guilty but he also did Jessie Smollett
who was guilty do you even have to
listen to the evidence oh he also did
Scott Peterson who was guilty you don't
even have to listen to the evidence do
you you can just get the evidence part
of the trial and say I'd like to call
the defendant to the stand and you say
the defendant did you hire Mark Geragos
and the guy says yes I did he's my
lawyer and then the judge says I called
the trial let's take it to the jury and
the jury says I'm pretty sure he said he
hired Mark Geragos so that means he's
guilty right why else would you hire him
so I mean seriously how in the world if
you wanted to look not guilty how in the
world will you do it by hiring the guy
who is most famous for defending guilty
people that seems like exactly the wrong
way to go has he won any I'm sure he's
won some trials but they must not be the
famous ones
somebody said Ted Bundy - that's not
true is it
did he really did he do Ted Bundy why No
- Ryder - all the only guilty people
Chris Brown - I think I don't know if
these are real so don't don't take this
as well Khafre deck was Kaepernick was
not guilty of anything was he I think
Kaepernick I'm still Pro Kaepernick in
many ways at least for the effectiveness
of his protest although it led to
nothing by him losing his job so Bron
foon to a 10 X IBM's the cult leader
Adam Carolla does a show with him well
probably not anymore oh why don't I ride
her - all right I think we've said
enough for now I've enjoyed this
thoroughly I'm gonna go away for a
little while
meaning I'm just gonna end the periscope
for now if there's any more great news
I'll be back but probably not and I'll
talk to you later