[Music]
[Music]
come on in
here we got a show to
do good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams because
that's what it is and if you'd like to
take your experience which is already
better than anything that's ever
happened to you up to levels that nobody
can even understand even if they're in
the Starliner on the International Space
Station you can't even see it from there
all you need to that for that is a cuper
muger glass of tanker chel Stein a Cen
jugar flask of vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dope mean hit of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called and watch me do the
Biden
whisper the simultaneous Z
go
delicious
well if uh you're subscribing to the
Dilbert reborn comic which you can only
see if you're subscribing to it on X
under my profile you can see the
button or on the locals platform where
you get that plus a lot more you would
know that rap Bert who's working for a
newspaper called the Washington poop has
been asked by his boss to be the Leon
leison to the CIA so rap Bird's job will
be to um write what the CIA tells him to
write so if you want to see how that
works out is in the Dilbert
reborn and I was thinking what would it
be
like to live in a world in which you
thought the news was
real cuz I I haven't lived in that world
in a long time I kind of remember it but
how disorienting would it be to read you
know Publications that are clearly not
even intending to be the news and
imagine that they intended to be the
news and that they told you the actual
news and that there was there were only
a few places that there were bad
news and if you uh if you
is there only place I'm looking at some
messages going by I'm sorry just took me
off my game for a moment
um anyway so it'd be hard to live in a
world where you thought the news was
real and we'll get to more about that in
a minute how many of you
have experienced something that I'm
starting to call screen
sickness screen sickness meaning that
you get
stuck looking at screens your phone your
TV your computer screen on your desk
and you can't stop doing it and it might
be different things you're looking at
but they're all on screens you just go
from one screen to another and you start
feeling a a feeling of general malays
has anybody had that where you can't
stop doing it but you don't feel good
anymore while you're doing it but at the
same time you feel like doing something
else wouldn't feel as
good what it feels like to me is that
I'm having some kind of dopamine
crisis and my dopamine maker is like
operating at 10% and the only thing that
can gives me a hit you know once once my
dopamine is depressed is just looking
through
reals so I'm currently completely
addicted to the the fast
form algorithmically perfect stuff that
is exactly what I want to look
at I can't tell you how much I enjoy
looking at cats and dogs hugging each
other I can watch it all day and there
are days when I probably spend an hour
you know collectively all through the
day looking at animals hugging each
other I I'll never get tired of it but I
do get sick I can actually feel this
General Malay
is coming over me that I'm just stuck on
these screens and not seeing the
outdoors
so I'm actually struggling with it um I
was not at all addicted to anything like
Tik Tock but when the Tik Tock model
moved over to the other platforms so now
we an X if you if you look at one video
you can scroll up and it'll just take
you to the next interesting video and
it's all stuff I want to see there's so
so so good at knowing what I personally
want to see that I just can't even walk
away from it it's actually really
dangerous addiction and I'm trying to
trying to think what would this have
been like if I were a
teenager oh my
God I so I'm a a big old adult who
didn't grow up you know with a brain
that was compromised by smartphones and
I'm addicted like let me just say today
I'm actually going to work on it like
like I had an alcohol addiction it the
the feeling is is making me sick and I
can't stop that I mean that's an
addiction there there's no other way
around that and I don't know how to stop
it and here's my current problem and I
want to get your
advice what is the time what is the
appropriate time of response when you
get a text
message in modern world let's say it's
the middle of the day it's a work day
you get a text message from somebody
and it's always
urgent how long can you wait before you
respond before it becomes a
problem and and then I want to ask you a
follow-up
question how often do you send somebody
a message and then within 5 to 10
minutes you send a follow-up message to
ask if they got the first
message and if you do that are you a man
or a
woman cuz I find
that uh it's sort of like uh there's
some things that men won't do in traffic
that women will CU men don't want to get
killed right so men don't cut off other
men in traffic intentionally because
they'll it'll be a fight but if a woman
Cuts you off you're like oh well
okay because you're not GNA have a fight
so you just go ah all right
whatever so here's my
experience that
women don't understand why you don't
respond right
away but men I don't know if a man has
ever texted me
twice is that your experience so if a
man texts me and asks for something I
can't think of one time in my entire
life that I ever got a follow-up text
did you see my first text have you is
that completely a gender specific thing
but with women is very common that a
response not within the first say 30
minutes will get you the follow-up text
hey where are you I don't know if you
saw my
message now the reason I would not send
a follow-up text to a text is I don't
want to get beat
[Laughter]
up not really I mean you're not really
going to get beat up but it feel like if
it would feel like an
insult to another man if if I texted a
man and then text again in 10 minutes I
would feel like I was insulting him do
do you have the same feeling or is this
unique to
me I'm saying one hour I because I'm
thinking of instituting a 2hour
rule the 2hour rule is that no matter
how important it is you should assume
it's going to be two hours so if you
have a problem that just has to be
solved in less than two hours you better
start right away with somebody else or
some other solution
but I don't know how to sell it I'm not
sure I could ever sell that everything
seems like an
emergency anyway um some of you may know
that I had a extended conversation
almost a few hours with uh Michael Ian
Black you know him from TV he's written
books he's got a substack you might want
to subscribe to and he's a podcaster and
a stand-up comedian does lots of things
so he's multi-talented across many
domains
and uh we talked after he had a comment
about my observation that it was
impossible to have a conversation with
someone who thinks the news is
real and he wanted to know what do you
mean by the news isn't real and I said
to myself or how do how do you know the
news isn't real or you know what do you
mean by that and I thought that's
actually a really interesting question
because you've those of you youve been
watching for a long time you know that
we've developed collectively a set of
tools for determining what's real for
example the Gman Amnesia the Scott
Alexander you know uh I'll call it the U
manb dog idea the the idea that one
anonymous source is usually EBS so
there's a whole bunch of tools and some
of and some of them you know are harder
to explain
but I thought oh this could be really
interesting because the way that I
determine truth is by these tools you
know it's a set of tools for knowing
what's true another one would be that
I've studied uh Mass
hysteria so I I I propose that anybody
who understands you know the MC Martin
School uh preschool case anybody who
studied mass hysterias is in a better
position to recognize a new one when it
pops up just basic tools of
understanding your reality so I thought
that it would be useful to have him on
and explain uh not politics you know not
a not an argument about politics because
we know how that would go well by the
way he's a he would be a big supporter
of Biden over Trump uh you might say he
has TDS but I'm not gonna I'm not
concluding that I'm just saying you
would probably say
that uh as you do about everybody who's
got a strong opinion about
Trump so here's what
happened uh we agreed that it wouldn't
be a political debate that rather I
would answer the question and I told him
to uh when we started I invited him to
interrupt as much as he wanted otherwise
it would be me just explaining things
and I wanted to be more more interactive
he so if you watched it and I saw a lot
of people say hey he kept interrupting
you
I in I invited that I said please
interrupt because I don't want to be
just talking the whole time
now what did you think you saw if you
watched it here's where it gets fun I
don't know what
happened I I spent you know 90 minutes
or more in a conversation and when I was
done I legitimately didn't know what
happened let me explain
that
um I've been hearing for maybe a few
years almost every day somebody would
say something like this on my comments
online uh maybe you've heard it too I
had the experience of spending the
weekend talking to a relative or a
friend who's a a big
Democrat and oh my God my head exploded
they they live in a different world and
I would listen to this and I think oh so
basically you just met somebody who
disagrees on politics right but it
didn't really sound like that when
people talked about it they would say
there's something going on it's like a
different world there's no there's no
overlap in what we know it's like a
whole different world and I don't know
that it's always been that way in my
opinion it's never been that way it's
more of a modern
development
so people signed on and they didn't know
what they saw and I'll give you an idea
of some of the things they saw first of
all I'd like to thank Michael Ian Black
for crossing out of his Silo of news and
into my Silo and taking a chance because
it's really Brave to put yourself in
front of what he would know would be a
you know an adversarial audience when I
watched it so very
brave um and whatever you thought about
it let's just say let's give him that
right all
right uh do me a favor in the comments
and don't give me stock
updates I know I asked for them earlier
there's a specific stock I was looking
at but don't give me updates it'll take
me off my game while I'm while I'm doing
this um so here's what happened there
were definitely two movies on one screen
in a way that I've never experienced
before
and um what I thought I was doing is
explaining in detail the tools and
techniques I used to determine what's
true and what's not true what he said
was no you haven't answered the question
and you're not on the topic and I would
say well let's agree on the topic and we
would and then I'd say that's what I
talked about and in fact it's the only
thing I talked about was that topic and
he would say no you haven't and I would
say it's the only thing I've talked
about and I would say why I thought I
was talking about the topic and he would
say no you haven't even addressed the
topic so we couldn't even we couldn't
even find the same
movie of a one- sentence agreement of
what we were there to talk about and by
the way we never solved it because even
after we talked about it and I don't
think we are on the same page about what
we agreed on or even what happened it
was a complete
antibody mind F that I've never
experienced before well once before I've
had one experience like it I'll tell you
that about that in a minute
all right so so remember my my claim was
that it's impossible to have a
conversation with someone who thinks the
news is
real and I proved it so here was someone
who was completely game to to give us
his time at personal risk he was he was
willing to give his time
and it was a nothing in terms of you
know any kind of useful conversation but
boy was it an experience so
um you know on some level it was a train
wreck but that's why you should watch it
it's pin to my uh my X post it's on
YouTube it's everywhere anyway so here's
what I here's what I discovered first of
all we did not have a an agreement about
base
reality so there there are things of
course that you would disagree
politically but then there are other
things that you would say well everybody
agrees on this right
the things that I thought were not even
a political question were simply things
that both networks reported exactly the
same and as far as I knew nobody even
had a question about but he did so my
basic assumptions about reality the most
observable parts of reality I'll give
you specifics he he did not agree were
part of
reality
and if you've ever experienced
gaslighting is when I'll give you the
simplified example if somebody has a
rock in their hand and they say hey look
at this rock that's in my hand and the
other person looks at it and says
there's no rock in your hand that's not
lying I don't know what that is but you
know we call it gaslighting
because if it's just you and the other
person in the room and the other person
swears look you are I don't know what's
wrong with you but there is no rock in
your hand but you have it in your hand
you can feel its weight you can touch it
you can drop it it makes a sound and
you're like I don't know I see the rock
I'm sure I have a rock in my hand and
then the other person will say there is
no rock in your
hand now you'll go crazy and that's what
happened to me I had a complete break
with reality during during the
conversation now that complete break in
reality you'll see on the video and you
know most people noticed and he asked me
he asked me for proof of what I
considered the most completely
universally true thing that I understood
now here's what he asked me to prove he
did not believe that President Biden had
ever not even once suggested that
President Trump had ever called the
neo-nazis and racists in Charlottesville
fine
people now just hold that in your head
he did not believe that that had ever
happened and he's a big uh political
person he he does politics and he talks
about it he tweets about
it so I said so you'll you'll if you
watch it you'll see a complete break
with reality you'll see my face go
what because I didn't know what to do
and then he challenged me to find a
source any Source even one that
suggested that Biden had ever
said that Trump called the racist and
Charlottesville fine people and I said
I've been watching compilation clips of
it all morning which I
had I'd probably seen 16 of the clips
you know within an hour before that we
talked but I'm a boomer who can't find
things on phones especially when you
search for them you get too many hits so
I'm trying real time to find you know a
source uh and it made me look like I
couldn't prove so so he was sort of
resting his case that there was no
evidence in the world that President
Biden had run on the who had run on the
main theme that Trump had called these
racist find people it never happened now
that's the I have a rock in my hand no
you don't no I swear it's right here
except I couldn't say it's right here
because I couldn't google it in you know
on a live stream because I'm a boomer
who can't Google things that are hard to
Google on my phone and I've got these
weird thumbs where I mistype everything
because my thumb isn't
round it's distorted from holding the
phone So eventually somebody sends me
the link so then I got to play the link
that very clearly had President Biden
himself say that he did believe that you
know that Trump had called them fine
people so I played it and now in my mind
here it is here's the
proof and then there was a compilation
of the news people saying it as well
because he had also suggested that the
news had never said that so not only had
Biden ever said it but nobody in the
news had ever
suggested just think about that that
nobody in the news had ever suggested
that Trump had said the racist were fine
people
now he listened to it and then he said
well that's what I I said and I said no
that's the opposite of what you said
listen to it maybe you didn't hear it
and we played it multiple times and what
I was clearly hearing that could not
been more clear he was hearing the
opposite now you're going to say to me
wow what's wrong with
him too fast too fast what's wrong with
me why wouldn't you say what's wrong
with me why is your reality the right
one we had two complete realities but if
you think you know which one is right
hold on just hold on because it's not my
it won't be my claim that he had the
wrong
reality I'm going to surprise you at the
end right
so he also uh didn't seem to understand
what I would call normal communication
patterns and I didn't see that
coming which is that if I used an
analogy he seemed to not understand how
analogies work
and when I used a
generality he seemed to not understand
how generalities work in normal
conversation so almost all of his
questions were about what my sentence
meant instead of you know a productive
conversation about content and he had
disagreements such as that's not the
news that's a topic in the news and I
would
think I don't make a distinction between
a topic let's say climate change and the
news because that topic is in the news
so I didn't even understand that and
still don't that there's a different
between a topic that's in the news and
the news so it turned into this uh two
movies on one screen which I always
describe in which his reality and mine
never really overlapped even though on
the surface we were having something
like a
conversation but then also there were
other movies
that were the audien's movies so one of
the comments I got is that I lost the
debate do you know what I said to that
what
debate we didn't agree to a debate and
we didn't have a debate there was no
debate it was a conversation where
something happened that I don't
understand and I was definitely I
definitely was shocked into a uh let's
say a cognitive condition
that was very akin to a mushroom
trip now I've had you know one
productive mushroom trip and one time I
took mushrooms and just got sick so that
didn't count but the one time I did what
you experience is that you're living in
a world where the stuff is familiar but
it doesn't work the
same so in other words you know people
are still people in a chair is still a
chair and you still know how to sit in
it but everything's different so that's
what I experienced
because because once my base reality was
in question which the most observable
things are not true and even when I'm
playing an
audio that is not clear if the audio is
what I'm hearing or if it's the opposite
of what I'm hearing because that's what
Michael was
hearing and then you were watching it
and some of you thought you watched the
debate and it wasn't any debate it was a
conversation on one
question that kind of went a a weird
Direction
so here here's some of the
um some of the uh observations from
people watched now these are not ones I
agree with I want to show you how many
different interpretations there were of
this same weird
event uh some people wondered if I was
high I wasn't
um let's see oh uh Michael was also not
convinced that money has a substantial
Distortion effect on Expert
so one of the base realities that I
think is not really questionable is that
if somebody's getting paid to have a
specific opinion and there would be a
penalty if they didn't and their bosses
would be mad and they would lose their
reputation that that wouldn't really be
something that would stop the truth from
coming
out that that's a a base reality
difference where I think um it's not
just a thing that can happen it's the
thing happens everywhere all the time
universally with no
exceptions and he would say I don't know
I'm not even sure if you're going to see
that signal so I mean I don't want to
put words in his mouth but effectively
we had a different opinion of how much
money distorts
things so some of you said he's just bad
at
arguing uh but that's hard to explain
when you look at how accomplished he is
as a
communicator so here's somebody
successful on multiple books published
he's been you know an actor he's a
writer standup so someone who
communicates that well is not going to
be just bad at understanding words so I
don't buy that I don't B I don't buy
these bad
debater
um some of you thought he was playing a
prank and he was just trolling me the
entire
time but I didn't get that Vibe because
I talked to him both before and after
and the the before and after that you
didn't get to see didn't really suggest
any kind of prank or trolling that there
was actually confusion on his side as
well about what
happened if if he had known exactly what
happened then that would support the
idea
that um he thought he was in just a
normal debate and didn't do well or he
was trolling or as a prank but he was as
confused as I
was so it's not it's not whatever
obvious thing you think it is
um and I don't even think it's
TDS you know you want to say oh Trump
derangement syndrome you maybe there's a
touch of it somewhere in the story but
TDS doesn't get you to the point where
you disagree on basic facts of
reality usually it's more like an
interpretation of something but not not
the basic fact that CNN and Fox News are
both reporting every
day not that that's not TDS that's
something else
so uh and other people thought he was
arguing in bad
faith I can't read his mind but I didn't
see that again because we had a
conversation before and after I just
have a little more insight than you
would have if you just watched it so I
didn't think it was bad faith and I
thought that it was brave and you know
he put himself out there to even have
the
conversation um some say he was
pretending to not understand what I said
because it was so pervasive it was like
he didn't understand normal
sentences and I don't know what that was
so I actually uh got in trouble because
I asked him online if he was on the
spectrum because I was trying to
understand why uh the communication
which would be a normal pattern of
communication was not just failing once
but
consistently the the things I thought
were just normal sentences he was
interpreting in a way that I thought was
very you know not
neurotypical now here's what I walked
into
apparently if you ask somebody if
they're on the
Spectrum that's taken as an
insult how many of you think that's an
insult because that never even occurred
to me that that would be an insult and
I'd like to apologize so so I apologized
to him but once people said hey that's
an insult why are you why are you saying
bad things about people on the Spectrum
and I thought when did I do that if you
ask somebody if they're on the Spectrum
in
2024 generally they just say yes oh yeah
I'm on the Spectrum Elon mus says he's
on the Spectrum do I have a bad feeling
about him
no something like you know sometimes it
feels like half of all of my audience
especially for Dilbert are on the
Spectrum I love those people literally
my favorite people Engineers Spectrum
people so it never occurred to me and by
the way I get asked if I'm on the
Spectrum about once a week usually
privately somebody will say you know I
don't I don't know if you've looked into
this Scott but I I think you're on the
Spectrum you're showing a little bit of
and I always think it's not an insult
it's just an observation and it might be
true and it might be false but I
certainly don't think of it as insult so
if anybody was insulted
certainly I didn't mean it that way and
I'll tell you my view is that it's no
more interesting than being gay in
20124 right if somebody said I'm gay it
would be the biggest nothing I it would
just be nothing so if you ask somebody
oh by the way are you gay in 2024 I
wouldn't consider that an insult it'd be
weird if you did so to me I thought it
was just an ordinary question but if
anybody's insulted by it I apologize
um so it wasn't that I don't think he's
on the
Spectrum um then that leaves I'll tell
you my remaining theories either it was
cognitive
dissonance but here's the fun part if
his cognitive dissonance there's no real
way to know if he added or I add it or
we both add
it you know that right because if I had
it you probably had it too in other
words if there was something that
happened there triggered people who
think like me well that's most of you
you know the people who follow me and
would have watched that typically you
know have some agreement with the way I
think similar mindsets so if it
triggered me into cognitive dissonance
in other words I saw a world that didn't
make sense so I started hallucinating to
make it make sense that's what cognitive
dissonance is if it happened to me I
wouldn't have a way to know and you
wouldn't be able to tell me because
you'd be in it too
but my experience of it is that my
observation would be that if he were in
it it would match all of my observations
in other words everything would make
sense under that filter doesn't mean
it's true because remember it would also
make sense if I was the one experiencing
it so the the thing I try to teach but
it's hard to even remember it myself is
that if you're in one of these
situations where one of you at least is
having some kind of cognitive experience
you never never know which one because
the whole point of cognitive dissonance
is that when you're in it you're the
only one who can't
tell and if I'm in it you're in it too
it would be the same trigger for all of
us so the trigger was there so the
trigger was there for both of us which
is we were presented with a world which
isn't the world we lived in and we're
asked to accept a world that we don't
live in that should have triggered maybe
both of us
may maybe maybe Michael and I were both
in cognitive distance we wouldn't know
and you wouldn't be able to tell us
that's the fun part because you would be
equally triggered on each side if you
were you know thinking like him You'
think I was in cognitive dissonance and
vice versa so it would at least explain
the observation but it doesn't mean it's
true I'm going to give you a uh a more
fun
explanation here's my preferred one
remember I've told you that
uh we don't know what's true but some
things predict better than others and
one of the things I've predicted for a
long time is that we might find out we
live in a
simulation by discovering that the
reality we live in matches what you
would build if you had resource
constraints for your computer
simulation so imagine a simulation that
had a 100 million people in it and they
all had to have memories that were at
least a little bit compatible so if I
said hey yesterday I killed a wer beast
and you were with me on the
hunt in order for us not to be crazy you
would have to remember that you killed a
wer Beast with me so we'd have to have
compatible memories now think about 100
million people all interacting with each
other and they all have to have
compatible
memories eventually you just run out of
computing space because when you from
100 million to 8 billion the number of
connections and permutations and things
that one person influenced another
person become becomes so large that it's
hard to imagine you know even an
advanced civilization being able to have
that much computing power now to put it
in
perspective I've predicted that within
one
year we will have built our own
simulations in which the people in it
believe they're real and live complete
lives in one year we have little AI
creatures in a game who don't know
they're being observed by the builder of
the game who will just live their lives
they'll live an entire life they'll have
kids and if you ask them they'd say
they're real now in our current world we
have all kinds of resource constraints
we got electricity constraints uh you
know chip constraints board constraints
so we can't have an infinitely big
computer maybe eventually but not in
short short term so what we should see
if we are a simulation is that as our
population grows our histories and our
Collective understanding of what
happened yesterday should start to
dissemble you should see a situation in
which we don't agree on anything because
the Computing can't handle us agreeing
all it can do is give us the illusion
that we had some kind of common world
but we didn't so we would all be playing
our own game with our our own
simulation subjective reality but mine
doesn't need to agree with Michael Ian
Black's or
yours so in other words because of
resource constraints you should see more
and more people disagreeing on the rock
that they're holding in their hand like
really really basic stuff and that's
what we're seeing we're seeing people B
you know questioning the basic reality
of just what happened yesterday or even
what's happening right now while we're
talking but here's the here's the
payoff if you were this
Advanced uh let's say Advanced program
from an advanced society that maybe is
no more advanced than we are in one
year um you would have to do things to
manage the fact that you were running
out of memory and you might say we have
to move from a model in which I treat
every individual differently and manage
their memory so that it's compatible to
a silo where there are two groups of
people and they have completely
incompatible um realities and that's
what we see in order to save memory it
appear it appears the simulation has
divided us into basically two creatures
the creatures on the left are
experiencing an entirely different world
and it never has to be comp comptible
with anybody on the right so in other
words when we have a conversation we'll
differ on all the facts and all the
interpretation and we'll say my God you
must have TDS and then the other side
would say my God you must be
racists and we would instead of having
common memories and common facts and
common experiences because that would be
too much Computing to keep it all
straight and consistent over time we
have inconsistent memories inconsistent
EXP experiences and
inconsistent
facts and it won't matter because we
don't talk to each other now this was
the first experience in years
years the first one in which I had a
meaningful conversation with somebody
who was not exactly on my wavelength
politically years and I don't think he'd
ever talk to anybody who had my point of
view
because when I said things like well you
know
Biden made this the center of his
campaign in
2020 how many other people don't know
that now other people might have
completely different views of reality
but uh my take is that it's unexplained
neither Michael Nor I know exactly what
happened and that's what makes it
interesting it looked to me like reality
was just bifa and you could watch it in
real time that's what it looked
like all right um I also noted that uh
so Michael said he was no expert on
climate change but seemed to be inclined
to believe the experts which would be a
normal thing but one of the things that
I think is very common let me test this
let me see if this is common knowledge
in my audience those of you are watching
right now how many of you know in the
topic of climate change what the heat
island effect is and why that's
important how many of you think well
everybody knows
that that because I think it was the
first time that Michael heard it but how
many of you think that's common
knowledge I don't know it might be maybe
only 25% of you
perhaps I see one now I'm I'm just go
look at the ratios yes to
no um lot of NOS
but the yes is look look to be
75% that's very unscientific but just
looking at the comments maybe 75% of you
are yeah I know what that is and then
maybe 25% could be could be more could
be
half uh are not familiar with it so if
there that many not familiar let me just
quickly say if you're measuring the
temperature of the Earth the way it's
done as a sensitive thermom
placed in various parts around the world
and they made sure that they didn't put
it near any cities or big concrete areas
because concrete attracts heat that's
not actually you know normal so the heat
readings would be skewed if they were
too close to any you know big cities or
anything so they made sure that there
were nice rural places uh but then the
cities grew so the thing they were
avoiding became the thing that they
couldn't avoid because the cities grew
to where the thermometers were so that
means that we don't have a record that
would show you show us with the same
kind of thermometers under the same
conditions what the temperature was and
what it is
now now if you never heard
that it wouldn't be unreasonable to
think that scientists could measure the
temperature of the Earth but once you
hear just a little bit about how they do
it it immediately becomes obvious to
anybody with experience
that is not
real now again I don't know if the world
is getting warmer or not I don't know if
uh humans are contributing to it and to
what degree or if it matters in terms of
the the future but I can tell you for
sure that we can't measure the
temperature of the earth and and we will
laugh at that someday someday that will
be like you know finding out if
somebody's a witch by seeing if they
float it it's going to feel like that
it's like seriously in 2024 are you
telling me that 3/4 of the planet
thought that you could measure the
temperature of the
earth we're not even close to being able
to do that in my opinion in my
reality all right uh cheap fakes seems
to be the new hoax as Mary Katherine ham
was saying uh that it's the new Russian
disinformation so I guess cheap f is how
the Democrats will tell you that the
thing you're seeing with your own eyes
isn't happening no Biden's fine oh no
he's not dead no he's not dead no look
at him move what he's not moving no he's
fine I'm pretty sure his limbs are stiff
he's got rigor mortise he hasn't moved
in days he's fine he's fine there's no
problem you and your cheap
fakes so that's happening
the daily Coler uh has a story that the
military has turned into a vast Dei
bureaucracy and their main thing is to
make sure that we've got lots of
diversity this of course on
paper should be the end of American
Military
dominance
because um if you haven't noticed white
men are saying um why would we ever be
in the military and white men uh are
about I don't know 90% of the actual uh
shooting people you know the the people
who actually have like a weapon and are
killing people the the ones knocking
down doors the Special Forces you know
the special forces are I think 85 to 90%
of white
guys in Hispanic and Asian um but mostly
white
guys so and I'm not saying that's good
or bad it's just what it is so if you
take the people who are doing the bulk
of the fighting and you say well there's
no reason for you to do it now because
you're not fighting for what you thought
you were you're fighting to be a second
class Citizen and the military will make
sure that when you're in there you know
that your buddies are not equal to you
they're Superior because they're going
to get that promotion even if you're
equally qualified and they'll tell you
it directly I mean you're not it's not
an interpretation it's you know it's the
entire thing so no if you're a white man
in America it would be to me seems
somewhat ridiculous to join the
military um would never have said that
before Dei of
course anyway so that looks like a bad
situation uh imagine being those two
astronauts that are trapped on the
International Space Station and uh they
don't have a plan or a timeline to get
them back but this is what the
bureaucracy see back at their home
company Boeing is saying quote we are
taking our time and following our
standard Mission management team process
he said we are letting the Data Drive
our decision-making relative to managing
the small helium system leaks and
Thruster performance we observed during
rendevu and
docking so how would you like to be
trapped in
space and the people responsible for
getting you back are talking like this
we're taking our time follow our
standard Mission
management okay now apparently they're
not going to run out of they're not
going to run out of food or
water but imagine the mindset of being
trapped in
space and your bosses are like well
we're not in a super hurry because you
know we want to do it right but more
importantly we want to make sure that
the effort to get this right
is you know properly
diverse so yes they do want to save the
lives of the astronauts duh of course
they want to save their lives it's not
as important as diversity but it's in
the top two it's in the top two so it
would feel great to know that uh you
were in the top two priorities for
saving your
life so it made me curious how is Boeing
doing on the
ESG you know the ESG environmental
social and governance so that would
include that would include whether
they're promoting enough diverse
candidates but it would also show if
they're good for the
environment so um so ESG of course as
you know is in lots of different
companies and it's a very big thing and
if you're big company or you don't have
a big
ESG you know push you're going to be
evaluated by independent evaluators and
then you're trouble so what did the
independent ESG evaluators say about Boe
well I asked chat GPT and if it's
correct this time there were three big
entities that rated Boeing for the ESG
one gave them a uh
excellent got an excellent good good for
them they're excellent on ESG the other
rating agency gave them oh okay the
other one gave them average so one said
they were excellent on ESG the other
just said average and then the third one
said uh
they're high risk which is way below
average so you've got three uh companies
looking at their ESG one says they're
excellent one says they're average one
says they're high risk now under those
circumstances you might say to yourself
I'm not so sure this ESG stuff is even
real it would appear to me that rating a
ratings agencies have no way to even
have a common understanding of what ESG
is well which is true
it's it's almost like the entire thing
is complete which it is but
Boeing has a big diversity problem uh
although they do have 27% women and they
have 60 61% of their employees are
white but they have a a sizable Hispanic
and pretty good
Asian-American uh population and in
their ranks but uh their percentage of
black employees at BO is so low that I
didn't even get a percentage for it so
they're they have a big uh goal to get
their diversity for black employees
specifically they want to increase it by
25% so Boeing is working on uh improving
their diversity specifically within the
black community they're trying to get a
25% increase but I think that would be
25% on
1% so I I feel like their goal is to get
from 1% % to
1.25% or something like that so it's
very small to also
small but but as I say the good news is
um that saving those two astronauts is
definitely in the top two priorities so
they should feel good about
that so Google and a couple of smart
people I guess uh are offering a $1
million prize for any AI that can solve
simple logic puzles that humans can
solve even when they're
kids now apparently AI is great for
doing things where there's pattern
recognition but pattern recognition is
not logic and apparently it fails
completely all of the models do the llms
they all fail at just even simple little
puzzles of logic and so there's a new
test that's apparently a well accepted
test of logic which a kid could you know
a small child could pass in many cases
not too small but a child could pass
and um you get a million dollars if you
can do it now if you spend a lot of time
with AI as I have as just a user uh you
very quickly learn that it doesn't have
logic which is weird because it seems so
smart but it really doesn't have logic
and you can beat it in an argument
almost it's almost trivially easy
because it'll it'll spew on patterns but
as soon as you get in a logic trap it
just falls apart and agrees with you or
or something so yeah it's very obvious
that AI cannot do logic um and I don't
know that the fact that they have to
offer a million dollars suggests that
nobody has any idea how to make it
logical now I would like to remind
you of something I've been telling you
since the the
start and this this prediction will just
get better and better until until you
all
agree the reason we'll never be able to
make machines smart like us let's say
logical like us is because we only
imagine we're
logical and we would never agree even
what logic look like now these tests
that I'm talking about the million dooll
challenge these are just uh like Puzzles
so there's no narrative to them or
anything they're they're as close as you
can get to Pure logic so it might be
able to do that but imagine if it took
his pure logic into anything else that
mattered as soon as it did you'd say
well I guess it's not
working you know going back to the
conversation I had with Michael Ian
Black suppose AI had
logic and we were to say you know what
we've got some disagreement about what
happened and some of it's illogical
disagreement let's say hypothetically uh
let's have ai judge us and then the AI
would say AI uh I've looked at your
conversation I've looked at the
transcript and I judge that uh Michael
is being logical and Scott is not being
logical and here's why what do you think
would be my reaction to that
wow I didn't realize I didn't realize I
was being so illogical but now that the
superior intelligence of AI has
corrected me I guess I have to rethink
my entire life here I thought I was
logical but I guess I'm not no that
would never
happen even my brain even knowing that
this happens is no no protection here's
what I would
say I would say I guess the AI isn't
working because it got the logic
wrong so we can never have logical
machines when we as humans can never
agree on what is a logical argument as
soon as you get out to the narrow rate
of math and puzzles as soon as you get
into any human thing we just won't agree
what's logical and never
will all right uh the spies who lied New
York Post had that headline I love it
talking at the
51 uh intelligence people who signed
that laptop letter the Hunter's laptop
was probable Russian disinformation when
of course it wasn't and it was Lie we're
finding out that two of the
51 uh were allegedly and there's some
disagreement about that uh actually
contractors for the CIA when it happened
and one of them was the organizer of the
letter and the claim is that the
organizer of the letter was actively
working as a contract employee for the
CIA and he was a former CIA acting
director so the fake letter allegedly
remember there's a disagreement here
allegedly the former CIA acting
director put it together knowing it was
fake or at least knowing that you know
there was no reason to say it was
Russian
misinformation so he says that he was
not under contract but there's some
document that would suggest he was now
how do you interpret that generally
speaking if somebody said I did not work
for them and there was some document
this says they did I feel like I would
believe the person over the document
because maybe the document was an a DAT
or something but in this case since the
CIA folks are actually allowed to lie
including domestically if he says I
don't work for the CIA that really
doesn't mean anything it doesn't mean
anything because if you work for the CIA
I'm pretty sure you're allowed to say
you
didn't that that seems like basic CIA
stuff do you work for the CIA
nope so I'm not sure his denial has any
credibility in this specific case
normally it would but who knows so yes
the people who think that the CIA has
been managing the uh the
information let's say atmosphere in the
United States this would uh be let's say
uh circumstantial evidence to support
that
uh we've learned that uh among the
migrants coming in the many millions of
them allegedly according to the
Department of Homeland Security there
have been at least 400 migrants who were
brought here from uh Isis Affiliated
smuggling networks so Isis has their own
smuggling Network and 400 of them and
the whereabouts of more than 50 of them
are
unknown but 150 of them have been
arrested and the 400 which means there a
lot of them that we know where they are
but they're not
arrested um
anyway I think you see the size of the
problem yeah um and I don't know if the
Biden Administration is taking
seriously the uh the threat of getting
their pronouns
wrong I mean it's like it's not even
they're acting like it doesn't even
matter or something and that's I find
that alarming there could be a lot of
people coming in with I
affiliations that uh we're Mis
misgendering just
carelessly and I think that's got to be
taken into account but uh I would
disagree with calling the uh people
coming in that are Isis
Affiliated uh let's not call them
illegals please it's insulting you know
they're people they're not illegals
people people can't be illegal there
could be illegal acts but I think it's
unfair to call the Isis operatives
coming into the country as illegal I
would prefer the term Isis
positive they're Isis
positive yeah let's take some of the you
know emotion out of it and just treat
them like regular
citizens I hope to God they can
vote all right you can't tell when I'm
being serious probably if you're just
coming in now but uh I'm not that
serious all right uh let's see speaker
Mike Johnson saying that the house is
going to write an amicus brief for Steve
Bannon for his Supreme I guess for the
Supreme Court that's going to review his
situation where he uh he did not agree
to a uh what is it uh to talk to the uh
Congress he refused them and I guess you
could go to jail for that as Peter
Navaro is still in jail but I guess you
can only go to jail for that if you're a
Republican
in today's world uh Garland of course
was in the same situation but NOP no
problem for Garland because he's not a
republican Peter Navaro no such luck
anyway an amicus brief just means uh
they're arguing that uh on the on behalf
of ban so it's a friendly argument in
favor of
him now is that going to work because
the argument is that the January 6
committee was illegitimately formed and
therefore um there should be no poit
there should be no legal implications or
at least no risk of jail um if the
people asking him to do the thing which
is appear and testify were not
legitimately formed and since the house
is the group that formed him in the
first place if the house concludes that
it was illegitimately formed I would
think that would be persuasive to the
Supreme Court I I feel like that would
matter but uh we'll and I I think this
is being sped up because um the Supreme
Court needs to act pretty
soon um are there any decisions that
have come out yet I think there were
some decisions pending that might come
out like right now so we got some big
stuff
pending anyway uh here here's a little
story here's a tiny little story so
small doesn't mean anything it's such a
little
trivial it's just a nothing of a story
and you should not take anything from it
except it's complete relevance to
everything okay just tiny tiny little
thing uh but over in um Fulton County in
Georgia uh there's uh the attorneys for
Fon
County uh they're trying to argue uh
they want a
uh they want to get rid of the
injunction um let's see if I got the
legal word right at the moment there's a
legal order to preserve a bunch of
ballots that have been
allegedly allegedly that Witnesses say
are fake
ballots so I if I understand this
correctly rasmason has been talking
about this a lot if I understand it
correctly there's a room a locked room
in which uh Witnesses have said we've
seen those ballots and they're fake
and all you'd have to do to know if
they're fake is unlock it and the judge
has ordered that it should be
unlocked and I think for over a year it
hasn't been and there's no explanation
for why it hasn't been and nobody's been
arrested or threatened for not doing
it now after I don't know a year or 18
months or whatever or however long it's
been it's been a long time after a long
time of the Court saying it should be
opened now the State wants to make sure
that it's never opened and that whatever
is in there is destroyed before it's uh
evaluated so given all of the things
that people need to do in their
life all the things that a lawyer could
be doing all the things that a
government could be
doing how important is it to have a
legal case to destroy evidence that
might be the most important evidence
that the election was either clean which
would be good to know or totally rigged
which would be good to know no matter
whether the ballots show something
irregular or
not we really need to know because we
have witnesses that says they're fake
and that there would be enough of them
that it would totally have changed the
election why would anybody spend their
time given all the other uses for time
why would they spend it trying to
destroy the evidence when all you had to
do was unlock the
door and then people would look at them
and say oh okay these are real and then
you could destroy them legally you
wouldn't need any process just unlock it
and say take a look if you see anything
irregular you know let us know so if
those if those ballots were
completely fine why would anybody go to
court to have them destroyed before
they're looked
at can can you think of any reason to
destroy them before they're looked at
when there is a credible claim that it
would change the entire understanding of
America it wouldn't just change the
election it would understand the basic
understanding of
America if the Witnesses are correct and
I don't know one way or the other I mean
most most of the claims have turned out
to be not correct if you were going to
bet on it you should bet against it
because really every claim has not quite
W you know hasn't quite proven that the
whole election was ricked there are lots
of claims of individual
improprieties
so I'm going to say that my assumption
is
guilt remember my standard if it's an
individual a citizen you are innocent
until proven guilty and I'm going to you
know die in that hill but if you're the
government and their lawyers are working
for the
government and you do something that's
this suspicious your your functioning
working assumption is that the election
was rigged so in my opinion this is
confirmation I I don't need to see
anything
else if they're putting this much
attention into destroying the best
evidence that there might be a problem
in instead of embarrassing The Other
Side by showing that there's no
problem especially since the court said
they have
to there's only one interpretation I can
think of the the working assumption is
that the election was rigged and that
it's now demonstrated to my
satisfaction I I would say that all my
questions are answered by the fact that
they can't let you look at these these
would you would you agree with that
would you agree that if they don't if
they're not willing to Simply unlock a
door the simplest thing you could ever
do and the court told them to do it and
they're trying to have them burned
instead of
that there is no second way to
understand that is there can anybody
come up with an alternate explanation of
why that could be the case unless it's
exactly what you think it is I can't
think of
anything well uh Trump has regained what
I'll call partial free speech
how about that let's celebrate that he
got partial free speech so now that the
trial is over that judge Maran stuff he
had some gag orders but now that they
that's over I guess Trump can say stuff
about Michael Cohen and stormmy Daniels
and the other Witnesses at the trial so
that's that's very nice to the judge to
give an American citizen his
Freedom oh thanks thanks Judge Michelle
on he was leaning against it but he
decided to do it he was leaning against
it he's an American
citizen now if you're in the actual
court case I understand why you know
that's a special
situation but once it's
done once you have a result how do how
in the world do you argue that he
shouldn't have free
speech like everybody else in the world
that's crazy talk
um so yeah so Trump gets partial Free
Speech
thanks so the uh the uh Republican
oriented uh legal entity America First
legal I think that's Stephen Miller's
creation that's doing all the uh legal
responses to all the many bad things
that Democrats are doing uh continues to
be a superstar to me this is one of the
best things happening in the world right
now is that there was a counter force
that the Republicans put together to
challenge all of the legal that
was becoming Monumental really it was
just out of control but now they're just
pushing back on everything just
everything just overwhelming push back
on everything you can push so here here
now they're sending a directive to all
50 states on how they should prevent
illegal aliens they call them from
voting uh amidst reports that the
illegal migrants are uh being given
voting materials and would be allowed to
vote if they don't get
detected so now whether or not this
works because one imagines that Democrat
States will just do what they want
because they don't really care that
America First legal says this but you
also imagine that if America First legal
tells them that the law requires them to
prevent uh noncitizens from voting and
then they go and they do it
anyway I I'm not enough of a lawyer I'm
not a lawyer at all uh to know if that
makes it a stronger case later if they
sue them for not following their own
laws I think it does because then you
could determine that they definitely
knew what the law was and that they
intended to you know they obviously
violated it because they knew what it
was and they didn't act on it so
everything that uh America First legal
does then you know I retweet a lot of
their stuff I love all of it like I'm
not sure every case is a strong as every
other case but you got to push back on
every single thing and it's got to be
really expensive for the other side and
they've got to lose a few I mean it's
just necessary it's mutually assured
destruction and my my big question is is
this America First legal sufficiently
funded because de Republicans should be
putting a billion dollars into this like
I don't know what their budget is it's
not a billion dollars but it should be I
I think the Republicans should think in
terms of a$1 billion budget just for the
legal stuff just for legal push back
because the world has turned into that's
the whole fight the the elections are
almost irrelevant it's more who wins the
legal battles about how the election
will be held because you know if there
are legal battles to say uh we'll have
massive um mail-in ballots and no
signature
requirements let's say that's a a change
before an election that's the election
that's the whole election it's the rules
so if the only thing that matters to the
outcome is the rules and we get to
change them before the election then the
only thing that matters is how big the
budget is for the legal entities
fighting each other and so I think I
think Republicans
you need to think about $1 billion as an
annual budget just for the legal push
and I believe also that this should
cover I think that that billion should
go to support people like Peter Navaro
and Bannon and all the and all the
lawyers who got destroyed financially
with the lawfare there should be a
laware protection
insurance that is basically if the
Democrats come after you with lawfare
that's like they did with all
the January 6 lawyers that were Republic
an then there should be some gigantic
protective fund that says we're going to
make this free and and maybe even pay
you know pay to keep the family alive
because they you know the person being
sued won't be able to
work so 1 billion I think is is the
Target and if you're thinking no Scott
they can they could do it for 20
million screw that 20 million is a loser
number they need a$1 billion
fund large large part of that to just
protect Republicans who being lawed like
Trump I think Trump's entire legal bill
should be covered by an entity that's
just protecting all the Republicans who
are just trying to live their life and
didn't know they were committing any
crimes right they should be getting all
the January 6 people out so 1 billion
should be their
budget and if you're listening
tell your boss I said 1 billion should
be your budget or whoever whoever you
get your money from I don't know who you
get money
from well cyborg technology is becoming
big you've heard that there are organic
like fake brains that were just grown in
a lab that are used as computers they're
like a million times better on energy
consumption I don't know how big that'll
get but if it's a million times better
on energy that's pretty impressive now
we have these bees that are being hooked
up to sensors in their brains so
apparently you can do brain surgery on a
bumblebee so I don't know if they're
bumblebees honeybees they're honeybees
so honeybees have an intense ability to
smell and they can even smell lung
cancer and you can't trust the bees to
smell it and then tell you because bees
are terrible with
language you say hey bee do you smell
any you smell any lung cancer and the
bee is going to go
useless totally useless so instead they
hook up the be to some machines that can
detect that it's detecting some lung
cancer so the bee's brain becomes part
of the machine basically it's like a
cyborg
device and uh so if you got all that I I
feel like we're going to have more and
more cyborgs but the cyborgs are not
necessarily a human being plus a machine
it could be a fake organic brain plus
machine it could be a fake honeybees
brain plus machine so we're going to
have this weird um
cyborg world where it's not a human plus
machine we'll have that as well but it
will be uh all manner of organic things
plus machines at least for some period
of
History all right uh so we keep talking
about the Ukraine Wars pushing Russia
and China together and they'll be best
friends and Russia has resources and
China is buying 20% of their stuff and
or 20% of what China buys is from Russia
or something like that but China is
buying a lot of resources from Russia
natural
resources energy
mostly and here's what I would
say and this is one of those filters
that comes with age when you look on
paper and say all right the things that
NATO and the United States and Europe
are doing are pushing Russia toward
China and that's all bad because they're
both adversaries in a way I'm going to
add this filter this is not
predictable none of this is predictable
on paper it looks like a disaster it
looks like our our adversaries we just
made them friends but they were sort of
already friends they have a common
border I mean they're they're pretty
intent on avoiding war with each other
and they're very intent on being trading
partners because they have a common
border and War would be crazy so it's
not like a big change that China and
Russia are becoming best friends but
think of all the ways this could go
wrong and also think that have we ever
been in a situation we're our
adversaries we're also our suppliers and
we were their customers in a very big
way China is such a weird situation that
we call them an adversary while we're
doing business with them like
crazy you can't
really get to a
war with somebody who's your business
partner and I'm wondering if that's ever
happened have there ever has there ever
been a war between two countries that
had a really strong trading trading
situation I don't know enough about
history to know as that happened because
I feel like usually what happens is that
war is about resources you know unless
it's a crazy kind of war and that
resources uh uh you would go after a
country that you didn't have anything to
do with so you could get the resources
you know that would be
colonization but why would you attack
somebody that you already have a
gigantic economic machine that's working
for both
of has that ever happened you know
you've heard that no two countries that
have McDonald's have ever going to war
with each other but I think that's
happened by now maybe you yeah I think
that's happened by now but a lot but but
more than just having a
McDonald's when you have a gigantic
trading situation that you both need or
want how do you ever get into a
war now here's the other thing that uh I
don't think is obvious if you imagine
that Russia and China work together and
that it's good for both of them I don't
think you've met
China I don't think China wants Russia
to do really well they just sort of want
to buy the their
stuff and the nature of business is that
if you can do it you will dominate your
trading partners if you can do it if you
can't do it you won't but if you can
well you're definitely going to do it so
what happens to Russia's
autonomy when China is completely
responsible for their
survival it's not so good is it not so
good uh now so here's the UN predictable
part the unpredictable part is are we
sure that it's good for Russia that
they're becoming more dependent on
China I don't know I mean it's probably
good for China but you know China was
going to trade with Russia anyway I mean
it it's not like there was something
preventing them from doing trade before
I'm not even sure there's any difference
in how much they're trading unless they
got a price advantage or something
so uh I guess all I'm going to say is
that the the thing that you can predict
about Ukraine pushing Russia and China
together is that it's unpredictable it
could go totally wrong for Russia it
could be the worst thing they've ever
done you just don't know the other thing
I would uh offer is that we assume that
all three countries are ready for war at
any time you know China totally big
military biggest military they're
building out their Naval capacity they
got nukes like crazy man cuz they go to
war United States well strongest
military in the world we've got
everything we've got bombs we've got new
oh man you wouldn't want to mess with us
Russia oh my goodness look at Russia's
military they're they're just playing
they're just toying with Ukraine they
could take them over anytime they wanted
if they wanted to you know take the
casualties but there's holding back a
little bit you know NATO probably so
we've we've kidded ourselves into
thinking there are three tigers
but that's largely based on the lying
that comes from each of those countries
because they're not going to tell you if
they have any weakness in their
military and what I wonder is if any of
those three militaries could handle the
war after the first two
weeks I don't even know they can I I
have a feeling that all three of them
are just full of and none of us are
ready for
war and that we'd all run out of fuel in
about 10
minutes that's what I think
that's why I think that the future is
just drone war and nothing
else I saw somebody describe I wish I
could remember who said it because it
was so
brilliant that in the future there will
be massive you know swarms of of drones
and that would be the main way of attack
I think that's obviously true but
somebody said it's like using nuclear
weapons but without the
radiation so imagine that a gigantic
swarm goes over a city you know a city
you wanted to attack for some reason and
the drones just kill every living
person but they keep the infrastructure
and they leave no radiation they just
literally kill anybody who walks outside
and if they don't walk outside they're
going to starve to death so it basically
just kills all the people but leaves all
the buildings and no
radiation that's
dangerous because at least with a
nuclear attack you could be Ed that they
would attack back so you won't do it but
when the drones can do that and it's
guaranteed that they will be really
soon what's to stop you from using
them if you had if you were looking at a
country that didn't have drones yeah if
they didn't have nukes and they didn't
have drones and you could darken their
sky with drones and basically kill
anybody you wanted to that's going to be
a tough thing to keep in the box so look
for
that all right uh well Biden has got the
all important Adam kininger endorsement
did not see that
coming so I've said that there are no
men no straight men who are also
Democrats and then Adam
kininger um he endorses
him so is that uh proving me wrong or is
that the exception that proves the rule
well it's not quite that
but I have to say it's an exception if
you get paid for your opinion correct me
if I'm wrong but Adam kininger has found
a way to
monetize being Adam kiner so if somebody
has found a way to monetize being the
way they are and then they give an
announcement I'm going to be the way
that I have monetized I think we should
ignore
it but I would like to point out that
there are other
important um men who may be endorsing
Biden so so kinzinger won't be the last
for example there's still the Sam
bankman fried endorsement I don't know
if he's said anything yet he's in jail
so it's hard to know and then there will
be some men who are deeply uh
uninformed so you got Adam kinzinger
you've got Sam bankman freed you've got
people who are
paid consultants and
operatives so uh and then Men Who are
not paying attention so he does have
some men it's not like a zero he's got
some all right uh do you follow Simon
atiba on X uh highly recommended I think
he should have a million followers he's
one of my favorite followers so he
writes for an African publication but he
does a lot of uh a lot of stuff you'd
like in in in what you would identify as
a pro
jump format anyway so he's a great great
poster and his uh his theory yesterday
he says
uh this is what Simon says about himself
he says I may actually be an
unrecognized genius now if that's not
enough to follow
him just take a look right he's just
really interesting so I mean he's got a
trump-like personality I may actually be
an unrecognized genius he says Governor
Doug beram says he will be at the debate
on Thursday and Trump has said this VP
pick would be at the
debate so Simon is thinking that the
Mory sees of Doug beram the Mory thinks
that he might be a good VP pick but
attending the debate is not much of a
tip off because uh V said he's also
attending the debate I would expect that
you would see the other names like Rubio
and maybe JD Vance but at least JD Vance
also saying that they'll attend
by now I think all the folks who are in
the running know who has been picked or
at least they know they haven't been and
I think they're all in on the fact that
it's going to be fascinating to have
them all in the audience so that we can
keep speculating who it is so Trump
trump knows how to put on a show and he
always teases you so he just makes it
like you're sitting on the edge oh we
talk who is it who is it I am so curious
now when normally I wouldn't be because
just he's just keeping up the mystery of
it and he's living little hints and he's
just doing that Trump thing that nobody
else can do nobody can do
this let me say that clearly nobody else
can do this that this is just purely a
trump skill that just nobody else has
had to put on the show and he's put on a
hell of a show so you should expect at
least most of the candidates that were
in in the discussion to
attend and doesn't even mean that he's
going to pick one of them CU remember
it's all part of the show if he
surprises you well that's part of the
show too he's not obligated to pick one
of the ones that are on your top five
could be a total stranger or somebody
you don't know um but I am going
to uh I'm going to play along just for
fun all right I had told you I've been
dismissing Doug beram every time he
comes up and usually I do it without an
argument I usually say well it's not
Doug beram and I talk about the other
ones who are more interesting here's
what I've been getting
wrong I think Simon might be right Simon
atiba and I think he might be an
unrecognized
genius could be he might be uh because
here's the thing we always get wrong
when looking at the vice president you
say to yourself well Trump needs a you
know
photogenic uh exciting
prot Trump you know somebody who's
really a fighter you know you you you
have all these
qualities that you want to sort of match
Trump but be the VP
version that's not how VPS work the
reason that's not going to be
V is because of
V did that make
sense V is way too
strong so at one point it sort of
sounded like it made sense but the
stronger V
gets it makes less and less sense
because you could use them better in any
other capacity vice president can be
wasted a vice president what you want
and remember I said this about Pence you
want the most boring person who looks
like they could do the
job that's what you want the most boring
person who looks like they could do the
job name anybody who fits that standard
better than Doug
beram Doug bergham is the ultimate
boring guy who could totally do the job
and he's I guess he gets along with
Trump that's all you need gets along
with Trump seems you know totally
unboarded could do the job and is boring
as
 that's sort of the gold standard
for a vice president and I'm embarrassed
that I didn't see it
earlier now just for fun I'm going to
predict that Simon is right and that and
that the pick will be
Burham uh I know most of you are saying
but but but wouldn't it be just free to
pick a black vice president and just
sort of you know get some of that
goodness get get a little Goodwill and
make it harder for them to call you a
racist and all that
normally
yes but in the in the context of
Dei I'm not sure it is the right
move because here's the thing uh I think
Tim Scott's very
solid but if he got picked in the
context of other people also being solid
because there quite a few good
choices wouldn't you say to yourself
just a little bit it felt a little bit
Dei and that would be terribly unfair to
Tim Scott who's had a very successful
career and has every qualification for
president much less vice president so
terribly
unfair but it would feel like
maybe right but if he picks
bergam you're going to say to yourself
well there is somebody committed to
picking the right choice and he didn't
go with the easy popular you know um I I
saw a poll that uh uh Byron
uh why am I forgetting his name Byron
you'll give me his last
name but he got a pretty low um he got a
pretty low rating from people in terms
of Vice President choice so that would
be a good enough reason not to pick him
um I think uh Dr Carson Ben
Carson um he's never been in politics
well not not elected politics he has he
hasn't been an elected politician
and I'm not sure that's the right choice
for a VP I would I would make an
exception for V because he's he's shown
that he can pick up basically anything
quickly uh and I think Carson could pick
up anything quickly too but he's
72 like you don't really pick the 72y
old non-politician for vice president
could he do the job probably yeah I
think he could do the job but the most
obvious one is somebody who's been in
politics is really boring gets along
with Trump and completely ignoring any
Dei aspects to
it I don't know buram is a possibility
but let me tell you because I say this
all the
time um the vice president speculation
is not something I have any skill for I
don't have any filters or background
that would make me good at it and I've
never got one right yet so the fact that
I'm I'm going to agree with Simon think
of it more as Simon's prediction that
way if it's wrong you can blame Simon
and if it's right maybe he's right he
might be an unrecognized genius all
right so follow
him uh RFK Jr is going to hold his own
debate at the same time as the other
debates except the way he's going to do
it is he's going to answer the questions
that are happening live so I think what
he'll do is listen to the question and
then turn it off and then he'll answer
it as if the question had been asked to
him now I love that I absolutely love
that because he had to do something you
know not nothing and that's some good
counterprogramming
uh but here's what he said about the
likelihood that Trump would win the
debate and I want you to listen to the
exact wording and see how much you
appreciate
this um because my take on RFK Jr is
that I don't line up with uh a number of
his important policy
preferences but I've never disagreed
with anyone and liked them more than him
he is the most likable guy even
when you disagree with him and man I
don't know if that's just a Kennedy
thing that it is it that they all just
learn it at Birth or something but
here's what he says about Trump in this
big contentious world where everybody's
got to be mean and I'm the best and
you're you're and all this listen
to what he says about Trump
he said quote I would predict that Trump
will win because I really I think Donald
Trump is he could win a prize for the
greatest debater in modern American
history probably since Lincoln
Douglas he said that in an interview
with Pierce
Morgan and there's
more he said his conclusion that Trump
would win comes from quote watching him
run through 16 Republicans and easily
matching them in
debates um he also said Trump has quote
all of these extraordinary techniques
and is quote extremely entertaining to
watch he said quote I don't think it's
possible for President Biden to beat him
in that
debate now I do think it's possible for
Biden to beat him in the debate let me
be clear about that so here again I'm
not agreeing with Kennedy I think
Biden has at least a 50% chance
and honestly I'm leaning in his
Direction because I think Biden just has
to show up and it's going to look like
he killed it and I think Trump if he's
just Trump is going to say things that
are perfectly clear to you and me and
CNN will say that he decided he wants to
drain all our blood and turn us into
vampires and we'll say what where are
you getting that from his ordinary
language and ordinary things well I
don't know let me play it for you
so if you say that the winner is based
on what the public
reaction I think the mainstream media is
going to declare Biden the winner so I
definitely disagree that that Trump is
going to tear through him I do agree
that you and I will think he did but I
love the fact that he's running against
Trump and he doesn't have any qualms
whatsoever for saying that he might be
the greatest debater in American history
and it's because he has extraordinary
techniques extraordinary
techniques
persuasion I think back to 2015 when I
was mocked for saying that he was a
persuasion
Master can we put that to
rest can we put it to rest when you're
when one of your main two competitors
for the presidency says unambiguously
best best debater in American
history since Douglas Lincoln Douglas
and that is based on
skill I mean that's incredible I've
never I've never liked anybody so much
while disagreeing on a lot of
points anyway um some people are saying
that Biden cleverly outmaneuvered Trump
uh and fooled him into accepting debate
um criteria that will be bad for Trump
there's no audience and he didn't get to
pick the side and you know you get to
sit in chairs and the microphones turned
off and um yeah oh
so I'm seeing in the comments a good
comment that RFK Jr is just raising the
raising the bar for
Trump so that it so that he doesn't
cross the bar that's a good that's a
good observation it it could be seen as
a purely political statement because it
does have that effect but it's also
probably
true I think he actually believes that
Trump is good at debating but that
doesn't mean he doesn't want to you know
take a little Shine off the debate so
that that's a good comment I agree with
that uh however I still think it's true
I think it's his actual
opinion anyway um so did uh Biden win by
creating this debate situation that's
bad for Trump or I have a competing
opinion that Trump accepting a debate in
the worst conditions for Trump is a
super strong thing to do and even the
Democrats are noting wait a minute Trump
is going to the
Bronx wait a minute Trump is in Detroit
like why is Trump in all these places
that you don't go and walking away
Victorious every time right every time
he's going where he shouldn't go and
showing you that even that doesn't stop
him in my opinion agreeing to a debate
in which everything is stacked against
you and everybody can see it even the
Democrats are bragging about it is the
ideal Trump
situation it's a
trap that he knows that at beat and only
he you know it's hard to imagine another
person who would be as capable of
walking into this bad situation and just
owning it so I've told you the Andre Agy
tennis strategy that you try to beat the
players best part you don't go after the
weaknesses because if you can quickly
make them doubt their their strengths
let's say their forehand is really good
but you make them miss a few then you
just run run the table because once you
got their confidence they're dead so
Trump can go in there with Biden maybe
feeling a little confident that Biden
set up the situation perfectly and if
Trump gets a few
Jabs
in it's not going to look like that
worked and then Biden's going to be oh
shoot I guess I have to rely on my skill
and I'm against the best debater in the
history of the
country we're we're literally putting
the best debater since Lincoln Douglas
against a guy with obvious dementia I
mean at this point that's not really de
debatable point I you might call it some
other problem but it's brain problem
and we don't know what's going to happen
that's the funny part we don't know
what's going to happen well uh Matt
Gates is uh introducing some legislation
that would allow you to pay your taxes
with
Bitcoin that seems
right and and I think Trump is getting a
lot of credit for being a person of a
certain age who has listened to people
who understand
Bitcoin and embraced its potential and
it's a big big deal and it's also a free
because the pro Bitcoin people are
really going to be Pro Bitcoin and if
one person is is yeah let's do lots of
Bitcoin and the other is not those are
free
votes free votes with no real cost
because using Bitcoin is probably a
great idea I think most smarter people
agree now here's the thing that I still
think is a terrible idea but I don't
know why
yet and I know just enough to confuse
myself right so here's the question
hypothetically and I asked chat GPT to
tell me why this wouldn't work and it
couldn't so chat GPT couldn't tell me
why this wouldn't work which doesn't
mean it works and my idea was to for the
United States to Simply create a crypto
not one that's already there just create
a crypto that's pegged to the dollar and
you're going to say wait wait they've
already done that but not to replace
cash in addition into cash so they would
just be operating like like Matt Gates
wants to do with Bitcoin which by the
way I think is step one to what I'm
talking about I think that Matt Gates
introducing the idea that you can pay
your taxes with Bitcoin is setting the
stage for paying your taxes with a
different kind of crypto that doesn't
yet
exist because here's my here's my
hypothesis and by the way this is a weak
hypothesis I'm not going to die on this
hill so as soon as it looks like it's
not going to happen I'll be oh okay I
was
wrong so but here's what it feels
like it feels like since neither the
Democrats or Republicans have any kind
of a plan for the deficit and the
deficit will clearly destroy us
obviously there there is no way to
survive with just growing faster and
having more taxes there is is no path to
survival but that just means that if
there's a path to survival it won't be
the normal path so it won't be normal
growth plus some
normal you know Financial manipulation
it won't be anything normal so we either
have to be very Innovative or
dead there isn't any other choice we
have to innovate in a way that we
couldn't even
imagine literally can't imagine or we're
absolutely dead we do not have a
survival plan and neither Trump nor
Biden have even suggested a survival
plan neither of
them neither of them kedy doesn't have
one either there is no survival plan for
the United States and we probably have
five
years at
most now I do think we'll be fine so I
didn't mean to scare you it's just that
when you realize that doing the two
normal things that are the only things
you've ever done fiddle with taxes and
growth when you know that can't work
then it frees you to do things you would
never even consider under normal
situations in other words an
emergency clarifies everything everybody
gets flexible in an emergency you saw
the pandemic everybody did things that
they would never do under normal
circumstances so once we reach maybe a
little bit closer to the emergency we've
only got you know 6 months left to
live I wonder if we could exchange all
of the debt the 35
trillion for a crypto that never existed
until we made it on
nothing now before you say Scott that's
massive inflation no there's no money
being added you're replacing dollar for
dollar you're taking the the US dollar
and just say boop we're going to repay
all of the national debt in crypto
that's worth a dollar so you'll be made
whole every one of you will be made
whole but we might be introducing some
extra crypto in there to pay off some
extra stuff so it would still be
inflationary because you'd still have to
add some extra but not not 35 trillion
extra the 35 trillion would just be a
one for one replacement of crypto for US
Dollars and then both them under this
Theory would be accepted by the United
States in payment of taxes maybe also in
payment of tariffs so if the United
States says as a country we'll accept
tariff payments any kind of
international payments any kind of
domestic tax payments we'll accept all
that in our own crypto it immediately
has backing that's what would back it
you don't need gold if the government
says they'll take it to pay your
taxes that would be the backing the the
fact that the government accepts it
so could
you use crypto in some way that I don't
quite understand now if you're smarter
than I am about both crypto and
economics you're probably a home
screaming the obvious problem with that
here's the obvious problem I don't know
what it is I'm not saying there isn't an
obvious
problem there probably is I just don't
know what it is and and I also present
this as what I call the bad idea I've
told you before one of my um
contributions to the country is my
inability to be
embarrassed I've just floated an idea
that I fully expect somebody who knows
more than I do to say that is the
dumbest stupid idea I've ever heard and
let me give you the obvious reason that
you're not seeing why you're so dumb and
this could never work
but the i' I've taught you the bad idea
plan the the bad idea strategy is when
you're brainstorming and you know you're
all going to die if you don't come up
with a better idea and we're all going
to die if we don't come up with a better
idea let me be clear we're all gonna
die we're gonna starve to death
if we don't figure out how to pay off
the debt like right away you know we
don't five years from now we're all dead
we will starve to death if we don't
figure out an innov way Innovative way
to handle
it uh so I throw this bad idea into the
mix so that other people who are much
smarter than I am about everything
crypto and economic can say you know
that is a bad idea but wait what if we
did this and that's what I'm going for
so so I'm it's a Hail Mary pass and the
Hail Mary is that my bad idea is big
enough and bold old enough and now with
Matt Gates setting the stage that crypto
could be a payment for taxes everybody
will understand that crypto can be a way
to pay taxes he's setting the the
psychological stage for maybe a bigger
play now right now he's just in crypto
or he's just in Bitcoin only and that's
the safest place to be because enough
people have some sense that that that
would be a reasonable thing to do
I think Matt Gates might be setting us
up for a big
play it's just we're so close but I I
don't know if we're there anyway so
that's what I got for you um that is my
show for today thanks for joining it
went way too long um and if you stayed
with me I really appreciate it um let's
go look to find out what the Supreme
Court's going to do I'm going to say hi
to the locals people just quickly and uh
say goodbye to uh YouTube at X and
Rumble thanks for joining appreciate it
a
lot oh got quite a few people here all
right we're coming to you locals
only
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e