all right let's say you know someone in
the family who wants to start podcasting
or live streaming and they don't know
how to get started here would be a
starter kit this is based on my actual
setup in my man cave number one get a
table that's taller than the average
table and a chair that can be adjustable
so that you're sitting as upright as
possible when you're in the chair if
it's a low table you'd be a little
slumpy and and your back would be arched
uh get a stand and I'm not going to give
you brand names for these because any
brand will work in this General category
so you get an iPad stand that's
adjustable up and down so you make sure
that your face when you're sitting in
this chair is exactly even because you
never want to be looking up or down it's
a huge difference uh using an iPad is
the simplest setup for live streaming
it's not as good as the best you can do
but for most purposes it's really really
good it's what I use
you notice that it's on a lazy
Susan again doesn't matter what brand it
is you can just Google any of this stuff
and you'll get lots of options these are
called ring
lights these are the best for a nice
cheap lighting solution in this case
just two of them one on each side again
just look for ring lights the only thing
you want to make sure of is that your
connections have options for changing
from a more or orangish uh light to a
whiter light you'll find the orangish
light is more uh pleasing and forgiving
and in this case the stand is just a
stand that didn't work out for holding
iPads I didn't like it as much as this
other one so I just repurposed it by
getting a a ring Light That Just Clips
on usually they'll give you a cheap
little stand or a clip on and then I
also find that not having it directly on
my face is best a little bit of a angle
will give me a better light so there's
just two of those an iPad a lazy sing
the stand chair that's adjustable and
the last thing you need and I recommend
this is a type of uh lavalier it's
called if you're going to search for it
lavalier and it's a wireless so the
whole bunch of them they all look the
same they all operate the same they're
all about you know under 20 bucks and I
can't tell you one is better than the
other but next to the biggest most
expensive professional type of
microphone you can get those are the
best sound you can get because they're
very localized uh it'll cut out a lot of
the background sound so that's your
setup if you want to get started
yourself or buy a little uh instant
podcasting kit this plus the ability to
uh affect all the lighting in your room
will give you everything you want in
other words it'd be great if you had
Shades that block out the light
completely so that the only control over
it is
yours