all right if you have a drumber in the
family and you want an expensive gift I
recommend the Roland electronic set I
guess they call V drums this is my set
and it has the best of everything
because you can play it on headphones
only and then all you're hearing is this
rubbery
sound which you can mask mostly with a
door closed and it has the look and it's
especially the feel of real drums but
you can change the settings to all kinds
of different drum sounds so the hardest
thing about getting a drum that sounds
like you want it to sound is that all
drums are different so the ones you hear
on that album that you really want to
reproduce you kind of can't with a drum
set you might have that's a regular kit
but this one you could set for all kinds
of different uh tunings and tightness
and drum types and add a speaker and
you're all set it's very pricey but if
you're looking for the the big wow gift
for the drumber in your family this is
as wow as you can get