all right here's a uh gift idea that you
might like this is my uh putting green
that I put in a room that used to have a
pool table in it but I got bored with it
and it just comes in a big roll and you
just unroll it like a carpet it's made
by forb forb Gulf
and I wondered how much I would use it
so far every
day now the holes are not very deep so
if you hit it hard it's going to it's
going to bounce over it and these little
Flags uh tell you what's going on
sometimes I like to tuck them over there
to make the hole seem deeper but I'm
going to putt this with one hand just so
you get the sense of
it wow I'm almost a pretty good golfer
another thing that's good is if you have
this in a room it gives you a place to
keep your golf clubs so you can see them
that sort of makes sense even though you
wouldn't use any of these clubs for
putting I just have a variety for guas
and another idea is to build a uh a
drink or beverage holder all the way
around the room because if you take your
drinking buddies in here to golf which
is what you would do typically I don't
drink but you might uh you don't want
them putting their glass in some weird
place so it's good to have a place
that's always near you
for your
glass try it I use it every day