all right here's one of the favorite
things that I've uh purchased lately uh
they're over over your headphones
they're bows I won't tell you which ones
you you can just Google it look for
these features it's probably maybe top
end or toward the top end but I love the
fact that they've got the right and the
left clearly marked and you can see it
even in fairly low light but the thing I
like best is that the activation button
is on the side don't get the ones that
have an activ activation button here cuz
that's exactly where you pick them up or
adjust them you'll grab them reflexively
by that button and oh no I didn't mean
to turn them off right in the best part
of the shelf so get the activation
that's a sort of a switch button that
clicks over not one that you can just
tap on the edge accidentally all the
time great sound