all right this is something called a
swamp cooler it's a unit that you could
use to cool usually an outdoor space
like a deck or in this case my man cave
garage uh what's special about it is you
fill the tank in the front there's a
opening GE you just stick a hose in
there and fill it up and you can see the
indicator at the bottom tells you how
much water you have in it and after you
fill it up you just have to turn it on
and it'll start circulating water
through the unit itself and then there's
a fan to blow it and Al you know
optionally you can swing it back and
forth now I've tested to see how much it
affects the temperature and the answer
is hardly at all barely barely touches
the temperature in my garage but because
of the feeling of the cooler air passing
over your body your sensation is that
it's 10° cooler so if it's uh 90° out
and you like to feel 80 this would be
exactly what you
want and this is
by h a cooling solutions I have no
experience with any other models I'll
just tell you that I've had zero trouble
with this and it's really easy to use
it's just fill it with water plug it in
and turn it on