hey everybody this is another lesson on
how a Boomer does stuff in this case and
what boomer takes a single tissue out of
a tissue box now as you can see I'm at a
hotel and the the tissue has been
decoratively fluffed at the top for for
the ease of use I assume so I'll just
take one no I just I just grab one okay
just one tissue okay that's that's like
a tissue you could use that I mean
really what are you gonna use it for
it's not like it needs to look good but
this is it and you know when you want
the next one you see it handily goes
into the hole so that nothing can happen
to it I think it's for hygiene and they
do it so you have to fish him fishing
well you can't get any grabbing hands
and so maybe like a finger you just got
to go Joe Biden on this thing and there
you go and that's how a Boomer takes a
tissue out of a box