all right welcome to another episode of
boomers trying to open stuff and this is
something I just got to say hair trimmer
and I have not quite cracked the code it
looks like might be using the pulling
situation okay that's pulling wasn't it
pushing pulling possibly well that looks
like a thing there's gonna be kimchi
thing no that's just holding oh I got a
thumb in that's good that's as far as
I'm going to get all right we're going
to the scissors how much do I hate
Phillips right now I hate them with a
white-hot flame just because
[Applause]
[Music]
okay I don't think that's know I've got
into the inner sanctum some kind of a
mechanism back here keeping it you have
to get the power tools to the garage
right
go into the garage I was hoping it
wouldn't come to this it's like this was
putting up a fight sometimes you have to
do this a razor I'd like to introduce
you to a friend the now-deceased norelco
here's what used to be part of it this
is a warning to you if you don't if you
don't release your product hmm I'm just
saying things could happen things could
happen but not until I've tried some
serious products so let's go all right
we'll go to wire cutters
[Music]
in there good purchase yeah why wouldn't
it I mean it's gonna remember this put
it that way all right let's go to
another tool this tool specifically for
its having this sort of thing so I don't
know exactly what I cut it to even get
into it
[Music]