e
let's
see
oh well it looks like we're streaming
somewhere it's quite an adventure to get
this all working
let's
see so what we're going to do
here is I'm going to take some
guests and we're going to have them ask
me some questions about my new
book which I'll uh do a little
commercial for you here in a moment um
but only the subscribers to my locals
channel will be
invited to join and before I bring
somebody up let me tell you what's up so
Father's Day is coming you got uh and
you also have uh
graduations but just in time for my new
book God's debris the complete work now
you might be familiar that there was a
God's debris and then there was this I'm
sorry there was a God's
debris and then there was also the
sequel which fewer people know about the
religion
War well these two books are now in this
one book
and the one book has been extended with
a short story that completes the Arc of
the
avatars now what I found out was that
when I try to explain what's um good
about this book or why it's different
from other books I tend to fail
completely because it's so different and
the reason is because it was written
using
hypnosis meaning that since I'm a
trained hypnotist in addition to being a
writer I wanted to see if I could write
some science fiction philosophy kind of
an interesting book but I would use
hypnosis techniques so that you would
have an experience that would be deeper
than you would normally get if you're
just reading something now a lot of
people said oh yeah I got that
experience but not everybody because
that's how hypnosis works it's different
for everybody but um if you're looking
for a Father's Day gift this is just
down Amazon has it or reframe your brain
the highest rated book I've ever written
if you look at the reviews five stars
it's just the highest rated book this
one's changing lives all over the
place and then my classic is reissued
had a failed almost everything and still
went big this is a second edition not
much different just a little tighter
edit from the original and this is the
one that really changed the entire um
self-help success book category
uh but today we're going to be talking
about the new one God's debris I did all
of the new reissues with Joshua LC
working with him as editor and and
partner in the independent publishing so
I don't have a proper regular publishing
situation doing it uh doing it kind of
Rogue the uh the modern way and uh I'm
going to see now if I can invite
somebody up now before you come up if
you've if you volunteered to come up
here
uh there's a number of people waiting um
remember that there are lots of people
watching so don't don't launch into a
Story Don't Tell You stories all right
so just H kind of keep it on topic a
little bit if I cut you off it's not
because I'm being rude it's just because
maybe you went on and you couldn't stop
so let's uh let's be to the point and
keep it crisp all right let's see if I
can figure out this
technology I can accept a few more
people bunch of people have requested
but the hard part is how do I actually
invite them
up now they should be appearing at the
bottom of my screen and then
I click the link to invite them
up but uh nothing like that's happening
so
instead it appears I have zero people
waiting to
talk did I scare everybody away or is
this a technical problem because it just
went from about 30 people waiting to
talk to
zero did I do
that all right oh hold
on I see one person with their
microphone
off
interesting let's see if I can invite
that one person up oh this isn't going
to work at all is it yeah it looks like
the none of the technolog is working
today so this is looks like it's going
to be a giant
[Music]
failure now who do we have
here Ross hey Ross is that hear me I can
hear you oh cool I had the local stream
open at the same time time which I just
shut down but uh now I now I see you on
on here it's cool all right so it looks
like it was working there just a little
delay for the signal to catch up so did
you have a question related to new book
yeah um I was wondering would this work
as a movie would you still get the
hypnosis effect because I find you
hypnotize me pretty much every day for
the last uh whatever since 2015 uh I
listen to you and I'm I'm kind of
sometimes I'm in my bed uh because it's
early or late whenever I listen and uh I
get hypnotized every day by you I think
um just the way your voice is and stuff
but um I'm wondering since you said it's
written with a hypnosis kind of theme
and you're reading it would it work as a
movie even
better um that's a good question uh the
the sequel
so remember it's God's debris plus the
religion War put together plus a short
story at the end to complete the arc the
the middle one was written with movie
pacing and I actually said that in the
intro so it's not written like a normal
book with lots of detours and you know
it just pretty much you know
straightforward action so it would work
as a movie because it was written to be
that way the first book wouldn't have
enough action in it so that you'd have
to figure out how to how to make that
work
um and then the the short story would be
actually a good movie ending but um my
instinct is to say it wouldn't work as
the hypnosis part wouldn't work it could
work as a movie um but the specific
wording of the way I describe things is
where the magic is if you simply saw it
it wouldn't be the same so if I'm
describing yeah if I'm descri have a
narrator talking over it in the movie
maybe I'll give you a specific example
one one of the tricks of hypnosis is to
get all people's senses involved so if
I'm telling you that there's a uh
delivery driver and that's how the story
starts and and I talk about the sound of
the truck when it's raining you know how
your your vehicle sounds different on
the inside it's not just the rain
somehow the whole Acoustics change so
that's one of those things that takes
you to this uh the audio part of your
brain because even though you're only
imagining it you know you're you're just
involving more so when I do it in that
form I can really control your thoughts
it's like now think about this sense now
think about this sense and I can take
you around and that's sort of good
technique if you saw it in a movie it
would be there's a
truck that truck was going somewhere
yeah so it' be I'd to think about this
more but you wouldn't do it the same way
because most of the book is in narrator
voice and you don't get that with the
movie The remember when you you did the
lesson on on hypnosis one day I don't
think you had anything prepared and you
and you you took us all on this hypnosis
journey I was driving my car that
day it was a big mistake because I
almost crashed the car because by the
time you finish the hypnosis I was fully
hypnotized and I was driving on a
highway that was no traffic just going
going going well I wasn't putting I
wasn't putting you in a chance or
anything no but you you were just
describing how hypnosis works and you're
like oh you know you just start talking
like this and it's very smooth and now
I'm you're thinking about this and
thinking about that and I was as I was
driving I'm like this is really
dangerous I shouldn't be driving and
listening to this right well let me so I
think you could do it in a movie the
same way like you just have to have the
you know the Talking part I think would
need to be there but but here's the
thing um people think that the way I say
it you know the actual tone of my voice
and the pacing is the hypnosis and one
of the weirdest things about hypnosis is
that there a it's not a active variable
so I could talk to you like this and
still hypnotize you I could talk to you
like this and still hypnotize I could
talk to you with a strange accent and I
could still hypnotize you it wouldn't
make any difference and in fact in fact
one of the most famous hypnotist I think
it was Ericson but uh might been I might
be confusing him with another famous
hypnotist had a really terrible voice
you know like a you know sort of a kmit
the Frog situation and was you know the
best hypnotist in the world that at the
time I think it could have been Ericson
I'm not sure um but yeah the voice
doesn't matter so but thanks any other
questions well I got you here oh I have
a thousand questions for you but uh you
know like I said I've been listening to
you since 2015 day one day one when uh a
friend of mine referred me to you he
said does you know Scott Adams Dilbert
guy I'm like Dilbert guy I don't know
what his name is and uh yeah every day
but uh you've been been very influential
in my life and um you know just wanted
to say thanks for everything and like
you said I no stories I could go on for
hours talking about you but uh thank you
very much yeah all right thanks for
joining okay glad it worked let's see
how do we how do we end it now drop you
off yeah there's something says kick I
don't know maybe that'll kick you off
let's see what happens
okay okay that wasn't it um I see
exciting I'm seeing on top Duo there's
other people I see participants here
like Pine dox vintage I see him do you
see
him um I only see one
participant let's see let's invite some
more I have to accept a few more that's
part of the process all right so I've
accepted a few more so some more might
pop up I'm going to try another one uh
that might make you disappear let's see
let's see if that works oh there's a
thing nope you might have to hang up
because I can't figure out how to make
that there's a thing that says I can
leave the stream I'll leave the stream
and flip to locals see see what
happens hey that worked who am I talking
to
Bine box vintage hey Scott my name's BL
sorry hold my kid I may uh I may not be
able to make it all the way through but
um one of my questions was you you've
done several things on predictive
programming or like the the the previous
novels have been
predictive what do you think in this one
may be predictive for the future or um
that without giving it away oh well so
the interesting thing is is that the the
middle book the religion war was
actually written as a prediction but it
was sort of a worst case you know if you
don't take care of this is where you're
going to end up and the central part of
it is that uh terrorists uh organize and
they put sleeper cells in all of the US
cities that might be actually what's
happening literally right now and then
the in the book The the tool of the uh
distributed terrorists is drones with uh
with chemicals because they're lighter
so you know what one drone can only blow
up one thing but if it crop dusts it's
worse so for a long time you know I
didn't like to talk about that too
publicly because I don't want to give
people ideas but now it's such an
obvious idea that it's already being
operationalized by the bad guys so I'm
pretty sure I'm not giving anybody any
ideas they didn't already have so that
is actually the uh the biggest
prediction but you'll get you'll find
some other predictions about big data
and about privacy and about censorship
and some other things and you'll
probably be amazed that this was written
um 20 years ago so 20 years ago I I kind
of nailed everything from well you'll
see so I don't want to give too much
away but uh it was a pretty good
prediction for 20 years ago and uh it
holds today it's I just reread it before
I put it together and I was actually
surprised it doesn't it didn't lose
anything in 20 years it's you could have
written it today and then the uh the
last part is a more further into the
future and I don't want to give too much
away but it
involves Ai and well that's all you need
to know for now all right is that I
answer your question yeah no thank you
so much I gotta go thanks all right all
all right thanks you probably have a
button to sign off
there all right let's see if we can
bring somebody else
on boy I cannot all right now I seem to
be locked
up
uh yeah I keep thinking it's locking up
but it's just taking a while to respond
so when I click things I wait all right
I have clicked a new user and uh now do
I just wait and see if something
happened because there's no progress
bar I don't know oh I had my end it
worked hey can you hear me yes can you
hear me yes mysterious stranger with bad
lighting uh sorry it's uh it's the porch
the light is busted out here taking your
advice and I'm trying a banana before
bed okay the banana before bed helps you
sleep somebody said somebody said do you
have a question about my new book God's
debris yeah um I'm actually wondering I
uh I actually had it on audio which
wasn't bad um but I'm wondering if the
religion War if you had any if you were
at all familiar with any of Ted kazinsky
writings and whether or not
any of
that I haven't read it yet but I've
gotten an impression well yeah so the UN
bomber Ted kazinski uh it's funny you
should ask because just the other day I
ran across something that you know was
like a link to his uh
Manifesto and and I was kind of in a
hurry but I thought you know what I
should just skim that because I it feels
like somehow that's going to come up
because other people have referenced
that and I didn't so yeah I would have
been really ready for this question if I
if I skimmed that just before you asked
it so I don't know what he said but um
I've been I've heard other people say
that it's not nearly as crazy as it was
made out to be is that was that your
impression
yeah the uh the impression that it left
me with was How could somebody be so
intelligent that they could figure out
all of these things were serious problem
and their reaction was I'm going to send
letter bombs in the mail then blow up
secretaries like yeah you know here
here's a true story um during the
unibomber phase they were telling people
to you know make sure you check your
packages and I actually got a suspicious
package and one of the clues that it
might be you know the UN bomber is that
there was something I forget the details
but there was something about the return
address that was a tell and it was
something like I think I'm making this
up but it was something like the street
address on the return address would
often be like a a tree or something you
know like Oak Oak Street or Elm lane or
something and they were made up they
were made up addresses so I guess that
was the tell so I get the suspicious
poorly wrapped package they had they had
a return address with a tree name in it
I actually called the bomb
squad I I I had the police C and you
know they they decided it was safe and
yeah all it was was some fan found my
address but yeah that was scary times
scary
times all right was that your question
yep that was it all right thanks I don't
know how to make you go away so if you
can uh hit a
button to leave I'm G to see if I can
bring somebody else
in all
right so I've clicked on something and
it may or may not make a difference as
sometime in the future any kind of
response would be
good maybe I didn't click it hard enough
if I wait five more seconds it might do
something nope it's not going to do
anything let's try something
else how could this be so hard to use
yeah yeah let me tell you the entire
complexity there's a picture of a person
and I click it that's it
it just turns out to be harder than I
thought it would be apparently I'm not
good at clicking a
thing all right let's try it
again I also don't know why the people
I'm allowing don't show
up so people are requesting access I'm
saying yes and then they don't show up
in my
list all right I'm going to assume that
the technology is not going to let me
complete my mission today but I will
take questions from the uh locals people
because I have your
uh because I have your
um your feet up separately hold on
here there we
go not holding your mouth right what
all right do you think I should just
bail out because the technology
failed Lucky House will not be available
separately um I mean maybe someday but
not this
year what is the address of Lucky
House should I buy the book what's
what's it
about
um can a person of Faith read your book
and get
hypnotized well see the book doesn't
hypnotize you per se so it's not going
to put you in trance it's just that I
use the techniques of hypnosis to make
it a better read so it's really a
writing technique um but it's heavily
influenced by what I know about hypnosis
so uh for example I'll give you some
examples one of the good tricks and it's
more like persuasion than hypnosis I
just think the hypnosis sounds better uh
one of the tricks is that when the
characters are talking I often have one
of the characters say what I think you
would be thinking if you were reading it
and that's a real real way to get into
somebody's head if you say what they're
thinking as they're thinking it but they
weren't assure you were going to do that
in other words it wasn't a setup where
you were going to try to guess what they
were going to say if you just SP ously
know what somebody's thinking has a
profound impact on them so I I use that
trick another trick I use in the book is
the idea that the simplest explanation
usually seems
correct the truth is the simplest
explanation is the one that comes from
the simplest person it has nothing to do
with whether it's
correct but somehow we've imagined that
that's true that if I can explain
something with let's say say one
sentence and somebody else takes a whole
book you just think oh you must be true
because you got it in one sentence but
there's no reason that that's
true um so since people think it's true
then I used a trick to write for the
character who is the smartest person in
the universe uh the Avatar and uh I make
his answers the
simplest so once you see all the simple
answers put together you have the real
ization that I had when I was taking a
shower one day 23 years ago and I
realized all my weird thoughts fit
together into one story and they're they
they fit like a puzzle piece they just
all fit together perfectly so that's
when I wrote the
book uh I wrote it when I realized it
all fit together
so um there a few other techniques in
there but I won't beat that horse too
much could you hypnotize a toddler
children are the easiest to
hypnotize uh but not if they're squirmy
so they'd have to be old enough that
they would be willing to sit still and
they know what they're doing um if it's
three years old
no uh if it's 10 years old
yes and then somewhere in between it
becomes
practical I don't recommend hypnotizing
children by the
way if I could give you any advice don't
hypnotize any children okay the trouble
is that any problem that child has in
the future they're going to imagine it
was because you hypnotized them it's the
worst thing you could ever do so never
hypnotize a child even if you can even
if the looks like there's a good
reason don't do
it do not do do not do
not can you increase your confidence
with hypnosis yes
so here's something I don't know if I
ever told you
directly
um I can reprogram my own
brain um over time by just associating
things with other things by
concentrating on some things and
starving other things of thoughts and
you know a variety of things but you but
you learn how to do that in hypnosis in
the process of learning how to hypnotize
other people because it requires an
understanding of how the brain is a
purely mechanical thing and once you
understand
um uh once you understand
uh some of your comments are
really if there's somebody new here
maybe maybe somebody can fill them in on
on the proper
etiquette
um anyway I forgot what I was saying
what's your next question
oh I think confidence was the question
so the question is could you hypnotize
yourself to be confident and the answer
is yes and the way you would do that is
you would simply imagine yourself
operating um
confidently because you you tend to fall
into the whatever pattern has been you
know driven into your head so if you can
create a pattern in your head simply by
imagining yourself being confident makes
a big difference I used to do that um
before
tennis so um before tennis you should
always take practice swings in the
air but you should also visualize
playing well that's a trick I learned
from tennis coach if you actually just
take a few minutes before you play and
you close your eyes and you just imagine
playing well you know you just imagine
the shots and they're all going in and
everything and then you
play you know it's just anecdotal I
didn't do a scientific study
but it felt like it made a big
difference you know I experimented with
that over years and it was fairly
consistent so that would be an example
of making yourself more confident simply
through
imagination the other thing to do is
more of a
reframe so rather than hypnosis per se
that would be this book The reframe your
brain a reframe is a sort of
self-persuasion you know the thinking of
of things differently and one of the one
of the things you could think
differently to be more confident would
be what's the worst thing that could
happen and just Define it as a funny
story
later so when something really
embarrassing happens to me I don't get
embarrassed anymore I recognize that as
something that would be embarrassing to
a normal person but I automatically
think about the funny story I'm going to
tell later it's like oh this is so
embarrassing I can't way to tell the
story and so over time takes takes a lot
of practice but over time you can uh
build a habit where the first thing you
think is how funny the story is going to
be I literally think that first and then
later I think ah do that make any
difference no and then I say Well here
here's a good exercise all right so I'm
uh my birthday is tomorrow actually so
my birthday is tomorrow and I'll be uh
67 right so if you're younger here's
something really useful to you can you
imagine all the embarrassing things I've
done in my life I mean if you know me
for five minutes you know I'm like an
embarrassment
machine I'll do one thing after another
that's yeah a little off or weird or
somebody's got an opinion about it but
as I say here today I have no memory
or bad memory of all at all of any
embarrassment I remember them but they
don't hurt and they don't they don't
make me sweat when I relive them or
anything they're all just funny that in
fact they're literally just funny when I
think about them so usually the thing
that people are afraid of is permanent
damage people are not really afraid of
people are not afraid of like a
momentary setback they're afraid of you
know some accidental permanent damage
from their you know
reputation and I can tell you if except
for getting cancelled which was a
special case um nothing
embarrassing has made any difference in
my life it hasn't affected my income my
love life I mean was bad enough as it
was uh yeah it didn't make any
difference so and and I would uh I would
ask you to ask anybody who is let's say
over
60 do you remember any of your
embarrassments and do any of them matter
to you today no no it it's just this
weird little reaction you have when
you're in some situations but it's not
it's not real and it doesn't matter
rarely matters and and here's here's the
best here's the best confidence Builder
if you're worried that you'll screw up
and embarrass yourself
think of this
reframe nobody really cares that much
about
you they don't they don't care that much
about you they don't think about you any
more than you think about them so if
somebody does something that you say to
yourself well that's
embarrassing like blowing your nose on a
live
stream ah no problem at all
um
anyway can you be embarrassed for me uh
you can but it wouldn't do you any
good um then I'll make a presentation at
any time it won't be the first last time
I'm
embarrassed yeah yeah it it's good
practice to embarrass yourself and then
live through
it uh I don't have plans for God's to be
movie but I think it could be a good
idea
good gift for juneth How it Go with h
Father's Day I
think hey another
Gemini so there's a uh there's a reframe
in the
book I won't tell you about but uh a
reframe is a big part of the the book
I don't eat cake no birthday cake for
me people love self-deprecating humor uh
sometimes uh hypnosis for addiction I
wouldn't I wouldn't
try um you can use persuasion but I've
never heard of anybody getting over an
addiction through
hypnosis I can't tell you it wouldn't
work but I've never heard of it so
probably not if it worked you'd hear
you'd hear about
it so here's here's what works and what
doesn't
work sorry I got super allergies
today what works is um helping you do
something you wanted to do so you want
to be more confident and there's not a
single part of you that doesn't want
that so that works
but quitting cigarettes or drinking or
quitting overeating those are things you
want to
do that's why it's a
problem if you didn't want to do it you
wouldn't be doing it so the hypnosis is
not good for convincing you to do
something you don't want to do and
that's the whole problem with addiction
you you know there's part of you that
wants to quit but there's a really big
part that doesn't want to quit at all
and in those cases hypnosis doesn't
work well it could be a fake because um
but I would use the reframe alcohol as
poison if it's
alcohol and I guess if it's some other
harder drug you already know it's poison
so that's not going to work so
well all right any other questions about
God's debris do you all have your
uh it's too bad that this technology is
just
completely crapped down on me it would
have been fun to do
this so and the only people signing up
don't have video
so oh somebody just showed up here let's
see what this
says hey can you hear
me Bill yes can you hear me I can hear
you do you have a do you have a question
about my
excellent well it is a great book um
sorry I was trying to figure out the
technology since I'm in technology and I
hate it
um I am not prepared um you're not
prepared this this will be a good test
for you for your thinking on your feet
did did you catch the earlier
conversation about always being ready to
speak in
public I did not that probably would
have helped um
so the little bit of thought I put into
it when I was trying to connect to this
was was
the whole God's debris in this book
series like an epiphany or a journey for
you the the first part of the book The
God's debris part uh literally came came
to me whole while I was taking a shower
but it was based on a lifetime of
thinking about you know weird things
about reality and physics and such and I
realized they all fit together the
second part I was interested in writing
something that was like a uh a fictional
regular book you know with a beginning
and an end and a hero and a third act
and all that so that's what that was
about and and that was as much finding
out if I could do it as it was you know
being driven to do it so that one was
fun
um but a little more work God God's
debris was written in my head and I just
transcribed it basically so that was
easy and then the short story that I
finished it off with it completes the
ark um I've been writing for you know
over 20 years since the point I wrote
the first
book and boy did I learn a lot because I
was looking at my writing you'll see
that the writing style is actually
different from the first book to the the
last short story so the so that was easy
too because I'm just a better writer now
so everything's easier when you've
practiced so it's a kind of a journey
and kind of an inspiration it's a little
little of
both that was a good way to dodge the
question um
so was the to your point of getting good
at writing was that just from the
Dilbert writing aspect or were you
journaling or doing other writing I know
you have a Blog and other articles that
kind of writing well I've written uh 12
books outside of the dilbur universe so
12 books is a lot and then I also had a
Blog for a long time and and posting on
X or Twitter is also a form of writing
and writing the dilber comics is a
special form of writing because you have
to really get to the point as quickly as
possible so um it it's a little like you
know baseball player puts that heavy
weight the donut on the baseball bat and
it it makes them better when they take
the weight off it
um so I spend my days writing the
shortest tightest little sentences for a
comic and then then when I want to write
a novel you know I want to write
something in long form I actually have
to work to make a sentence longer than
you know my my six words or whatever I
like to stick to so uh because I'm so
good at
summarizing I end up writing in long
form without without too much extra
which makes it easier to read so I I
found that business writing and humor
writing are the most uh spare kinds of
writing you know it's the the least
amount of fluff and side root
you know side roots and stuff so it
works really well in other forms as
well so are you saying like the
conciseness of the uh Dilbert and
business writing made you struggle with
the long form well struggles it's the
opposite I I guess I did a bad job of
explaining it's more like struggling
when you put the weight on the
bat that that when I I spend so much
time trying to make things short but
writing long is
easy so I I build a habit to stay short
and it keeps me from long run on
sentences because my my impulse is to
stay short but sometimes the sentence
just needs to be
longer okay um and not to keep going but
if you want me to I will um
so do you have
future plans of long form
writing I have a uh a habit of I can't
think of my next project when the other
when one is just done because the the
process of finishing anything that's you
know book like is hard it's really hard
it's the hardest thing I do and when
it's done you just don't have anything
left because when I decide to write a
book it's not in my spare time because I
don't have any of that like I I don't
schedule any spare time um so I have to
just make everything work so it's like
adding 100% to your schedule and maybe
that lasts for 18 months you probably
nine months hard but you know it drags
on a little while
so uh yeah it's a it's a tough
process okay and this tell me if I this
is out of
bounds um I'm a fairly consistent
listener one
thing that I may have picked up but I'm
not sure and you don't have to answer if
you don't want um generally when you
talk about Trump's um campaign strategy
and advisory for
this um campaign you allude to he's
being
um well advised well advised that is 100
100% correct is there anything to read
into
that you mean is it me is that what
you're asking pretty much pretty much
you know the the answer is no at least
in terms of any kind of you know direct
contact but the thing that Trump does
really well is read the room so he's
he's not waiting for you to come to him
he's actually looking at comments in the
news and he's picking out the good ideas
so what it takes to be a Trump adviser
and maybe it works for Biden too I don't
know but for trump it works you have to
have a good idea and then say it on
social media that's it because because I
have enough of a reach that if it's a
good idea other people will pick it up
and if it's not a good idea then it
doesn't need to get to anybody you know
it sort of dies a natural death by By
ignoring it but if it goes big then and
let's say there's a a reframe or
you know certain messaging that that I
thought was good maybe something I used
myself maybe something I suggested uh
there's a natural filtering so it's
never going to get to Trump's attention
unless it goes through several people
who said wow that's a good idea now that
has happened like I I do know specific
reports of specific messages that got
through and you made a little difference
in just Communications but consider that
that's happening everywhere right so any
any name you can think of you know from
probably Ben Shapiro Dan banino you know
just name anybody that's in that
Universe probably every one of them has
had some influence over the campaign
because trumps is just always surveying
all those opinions and and choosing from
among the best so but I think that he's
also got somebody close to him that's
unusually good like we haven't seen
before I suspect IS F
or or is the plus somebody else and
maybe a few others you know maybe JD
Vance something but but there's a a
level of uh
intelligence that's that's like layering
over the campaign that's just hard to
miss it wasn't there
before it's like
the let let me say there was always
intelligence there but it looked more uh
chaotic it was a little bit more of a
Wild West campaign and now it seems very
disciplined his his message discipline
is excellent and that that's got to be a
close influence there somebody close
to so that's what I was just going to
add is it's like the filtering is better
this time around in terms of who is like
digesting the information and passing it
through well you know he's probably got
somebody who's in the room or on the
phone with him who's just better than
he's had before that's what it looks
like but on top of that uh if you think
about the pyate ship of supporters he
had in 2016 it was this you know wild
bag of you know good and bad and it was
just everything it was just this big
pirate ship but now it's been a number
of years and the the the dumbest Pirates
fell off and drown and now you know the
good Pirates got a lot of booty so you
can tell who the good Pirates are
so I'm still around I got over a million
followers on X now so that would make me
one of the pirates that
survived so I think what's different is
he doesn't have to look at hey a million
people said something about me today he
could probably look
at 20 to
30 of of the pirates that made it from
the beginning and they knew how to
survive and win all their battle so
they're still alive um I I feel like he
knows right where to go at this point th
this is my guess my guess is that if
news breaks probably they sit around the
White House and they say all right what
did you know whoever say what did what
did bung youo say about this right and
then you go down the list so probably
they just go check say all right what
did this one say about what did what did
Charlie Kirk say about this that sort of
thing so it's not necessarily the the
filtering has already occurred it's more
of a like it's down to a select group
that they monitor and follow yeah and at
the moment the the select group uh has
incredible Superstars joining it you
know the David Sachs the bill Amman the
Elon
musks people who traditionally you know
chamoth uh people who traditionally were
not even Republican voters but were
known to be you know the Brilliant Minds
from other fields and now I I've
somewhat cheekily suggested that um all
of the smart people are supporting Trump
now and and I said you know I'm I'm not
counting anybody who's smart and has TDS
or somebody who's smart and they're a
partisan and getting paid to say what
they say but of just ordinary people I
don't know of anybody smart like at the
high level of smart you know sort of
like venture capitalist you know Senator
kind of smart um except for the
partisans I don't know anybody
supporting Biden at this point and and I
think that has nothing to do with
politics it has to do with they they can
see he's
gone yeah that's I mean it's hard to uh
ignore reality at that point they're
trying all right thanks a bunch I'm GNA
see if I can figure out how to make any
this Els work if you can figure out how
to how to quit uh that would be great
because I can't figure out how to
that it took me 20 minutes to figure out
how to join so I will do the opposite
all I I hear
that all
right I got to accept some more people I
don't know if it stopped working and
started working or just waiting made a
difference
or so oddly I accept a bunch of people
but then only a few of them show up as
selectable so what would be the point of
accepting them if they don't show up as
selectable and then I oh there you
go Kenneth can you hear
me you're gonna have to uh unmute
yourself Kenneth yes sir uh that's
better quick question do I need to uh
read the pass books to can I just
purchase this one and Go Go With It full
throttle or do I need to yeah
go with the other one thank you no so
the the new book includes the full copy
of the first two books so if you've
already read them the only thing new
would be the short story at the end so
um no it's a full Complete Book just the
way it is and you don't need to do any
homework before you read
it but thanks for asking perfect yes sir
thank you absolutely all right take care
signing off
all right going to try to bring up
smooth
skin I have clicked on that button and
now I just sort of hang out see if
anything
happens hey Scott coming through oh
wellow something's happening I only have
audio on you do you have video I do not
can you hear me though yeah audio is
fine do you have a question yeah I'm
actually not familiar with your books
but I was curious if they involved the
concept the Free
Will yes um in fact uh God's debris in
particular uh is very involved in the
question of free will but it's a it's a
philosophical uh book um it's not really
religious but it it gets into that
domain a little bit so yes Free Will and
the nature of the universe and what's
real and what's not and it's all there
it's interesting um you so I've been
following you for a while YouTube locals
and
um your your concept of of the
simulation theory is really grown on me
and actually I've become a little bit of
a Believer and similarly so with the
concept that Free
Will is not real and I think what really
struck a chord with me is your an
analysis or interpretation that free
will or our belief of Free Will is
really just a summation of all of our
predispositions leading us to this point
right now in the present is that a fair
am I canning that appropriately yeah I
can simplify it this way the rules of
physics do not end at your
skull all the rules of physics that
apply outside your skull apply inside so
whatever your brain is going to do in
the next moment it's going to do because
the chemical state is an exact situation
that can only do one thing like a lone
mower your lone mower doesn't have a
choice of talking it's just only can do
what a lone mower can do so your brain
is like that it can only do whatever
happens when the
impulses uh reach it now I don't want to
get in too much in free will because
people have heard me talk about it too
much but I will tell you I don't think
there are too many brain surgeons who
believe in free will because they know
they can remove it by removing a part of
the brain which kind of calls into
question what free will this and they
can turn you into a different person I I
can inject you with
hormones and change all your
preferences I can put you on H chemical
birth control and you'll change what men
you find
attractive right now did you have free
will if you suddenly find a different
kind of person attractive because of a
chemical state that changed that that
would be an indication you're more like
a lawn mower somebody put gas in they
pulled the thing and it started it
didn't have a choice of doing anything
else as long as you know it was
mechanically oper operating
properly so that that answer your
question absolutely yeah I think there's
an interesting kind of vend diagram of
Free Will
simulation and what we'll see in the
future near future with AI that might o
overlap and give us an indication of
maybe what our place is in this world
and I'm I'm kind of getting up that
curve and it's it's an interesting
Journey so I appreciate you grabbing the
steering wheel not like Trump reaching
over and grabbing the Beast steering
wheel of course but uh appreciate it
Scott and take care thank you yeah
so if those were your interests the
simulation Ai and free will uh those are
prominent themes in the
book all right we've got Dan
donut I'm going to click on Dan
donut no Don donut
hello hello Don donut hello Scott you
are so appreciated thank you so much I
look forward to uh being able to really
check out this uh vision of the future
from the past in the
future um ex because I I so appreciate
your work because we have seem to have
entered the late stage marketing ISM
people call it late stage capital
capitalism I don't know capitalism is
pretty based but marketing can get a
little bit freaky decky in terms of how
to indict a ham sandwich or sell a ham
sandwich indictment as it were and I
don't I wish I had a better question but
I was just struggling with this
technology and suddenly it said you're
in and I'm like I didn't even know I was
trying to get in but here I am and I
just wanted to say thank you so much so
so Le let's put you on the spot and I'm
going to make you come up with a
question think think about think about
the book my new book and what's the
first thing to jumps to mind and then
they ask that
question uh from well the the
um uh what is the
title that is my first question but
that's the honest question God SBR
that's right that's right so the the the
interesting aspect of how having people
um through history move through progress
as it were of cognitive uh evolutionary
development and whatnot to the point
where uh the the general utility for
religion God in our world has been sort
of shifted into something where the
world has become so much more complex
that our reflection on our appreciation
and relationship with love and God and
whatnot uh has become something that
uh is just as freaky as everything else
because my main lens Scot that I use is
up to about 200 years ago everyone was a
subsistence farmer pretty much and then
suddenly we shifted in this complexity
and it's hard to deal with you know it's
hard enough to deal with like getting a
new hoe made with some kind of magical
metal that you know before we didn't
have all right I didn't I didn't think
you were going with farm implement there
but okay getting a new hoe exactly ex
and you know hoes got to eat too and now
we've got automated hoes that are like
Ai and are they our slaves or are they
you know are we their masters or are we
going to click on our hoe and it's going
to go no I'm a rake and it's like I
don't know you're a hoe when I put you
in the shed last night in the
frustration of technology I used to help
grandmothers and retired CEOs with their
comp computer pains as like a village
doctor of computer so I appreciate how
much technology really gets in people's
brains Don you may have missed my uh
opening when I said whatever you do
don't tell a
story I did miss that opening I was
trying to click on things my
apologies that's fine every because
people are joining at different times
thanks for the call Don you're very
welcome good luck sir good good job
thank you I will exit if I can I'll see
myself out I hope all right thanks bye
bye all
right uh you got funny comments
here he didn't get
paid Russell Brand recently got baptized
you say I didn't know
that all right uh I think we've done
everything we need to do for tonight so
I'm going to say goodbye to all the
people who may or may not be listening
let see we got 169 on
Rumble 400 on
YouTube and uh several hundred here on
locals pretty good group for Friday
night all right I will just summarize to
say Father's Day is coming your father
will love gods debris the new one the
complete works and uh if that's not good
enough reframe your brain we'll
blow is mine highest review of any book
I've written and this one of course had
have held almost everything and still
wind big will change your life it's
changed a lot of lives so thanks for
joining that's all I got for now I'm
going to stall a little bit after I say
in end the stream because I know it cuts
off I don't want to cut it off so I'll
have a sip of water while we're waiting
you can't take anymore