but here's one that's even more
interesting you may be familiar with a
comedian actor Michael Ian Black now
he's uh often on social media being an
anti-trumper but he asked me a question
today on social
media that suggests an opening that
suggests
maybe there's a potential just a small
crack for some kind kind of a unb
brainwashing and this is really
interesting now I don't know I don't
personally know Michael lean black but
just for full
disclosure um uh he had been friends
with my publicity manager for years so
so although I never met him Michael Ian
Black and I have we we shared a close
friend at one point so so that means
that he probably is aware of me because
we shared close friend so I'm sure my
name came up so when he responded to me
it was maybe a little bit more
respectfully than he would have been if
I had been a stranger and I returned I
returned the favor so I responded to him
respectfully because I think he's got
real questions and here's his question
it's actually really it's a really good
question uh I did a post in which I said
something along the lines of it's
impossible to have a conversation with
somebody who thinks the news is
real now how many of you would agree
with that statement it's impossible to
have a political conversation with
someone who thinks the news is
real most of you right you you've had
that experience and Michael leam Black
says um I see this sentiment a lot for
Maga folks so his first problem is he
thinks I'm a magga folk um but he says
but it always confuses
me now here's why I like the way he
worded this he didn't say I hear this
batshit crazy opinion from magga people
he said it confuses him now that's
exactly the way to respectfully ask a
question I don't understand what you
mean can you explain it so he goes on if
they don't believe quote the news how do
they get their information if everybody
is lying to you how is it that you know
the
truth that's a really good question
isn't it so I'm going to spend a few
minutes answering
all right anyway so I realized this I
was talking in the man cave audience
last night that it's probably not a it's
probably not a
coincidence that I've predicted things
better than other public figures now I'm
going to make this claim and then back
it
up but it's it's necessary for me to say
that I'm better at predicting than most
people in the public domain like a lot
better and my track right record shows
that pretty clearly don't get everything
right so if you have some examples of
things I got wrong you're probably right
nobody gets them all right but I have by
far maybe the best public prediction
record of any public figure who does
predictions so here's why I realized
there's actually a reason for it that
for some reason was never obvious to me
um first of all I've got a degree in
economics and if you didn't know
economics is a forecasting skill the
whole point of learning economics is not
to understand what happened yesterday
although that's fun too it's to predict
you're looking at all these different
variables in the world mostly economic
but it could include political and other
technological and then you say given all
these variables and how cause and effect
works what is the most likely outcome if
I increase the money supply I get
inflation if I get inflation what's that
going to do to employment so if you
study economics you've literally got a
degree in forecasting the
Future Would you agree that's that's
what it is it's forecasting the future
in complex environments now on top of
that I have an MBA which teaches you to
predict
businesses so the whole skill of an MBA
is if I do this I predict I'll get a
better outcome than if I do the other
thing an MBA is a prediction skill and
indeed we spend a lot of time doing
Financial predictions if I buy this
company under these conditions this will
be the outcome now I took those skills
and I became a banker and while I was a
banker for a while I was a
lender so I got to uh look at and
approve vast numbers of loans because I
was an approver I wasn't I wasn't
originating them so I got to see a vast
number of predictions in the form of I
will pay the loan back with this
financial set of things happening in the
future
and I got to understand when these
predictions are reliable and when
they're not a whole set of skills for
understanding when people are lying
about the predictions and when they're
not so I got that so those are two
skills three if you count the real life
experience as a lender which are
literally directly involved with
predicting the future based on lots of
variables that are swilling around or
swirling around on top of that uh my
other jobs were finance and
budgeting so finance and budgeting is
also a predictive skill how much money
do we need for this thing and then you
learn a whole other toolbox of how to
predict money related things that
involve people in
technology then on top of that I worked
uh with
Engineers so although is said engineer
on my business card for a while and I
did engineer things I wasn't Technic te
Al an engineer by by trade well it was
by trade but not by
education um and Engineers are entirely
about the future and the way they do it
is they look at the whole system and
they say all right you got this
well-designed thing except there's this
one weak part I predict that that weak
part will be the first thing to fail
right so engineering is prediction you
say if I do this this will stay together
and work if I do this it won't it's
future so I'm not an engineer but I I
was immersed in that environment for 16
years I was just always around him and
you learn to think like that you you
pick up a style of thinking and it's the
engineering
Style on top of that I'm a
hypnotist so I understand how the brain
is structured in a functional way if if
you do this you get this output without
all the imagination that we're thinking
humans it was just the irrational
motivation part and of course to be a
hypnotist you end up mastering a lot of
psychology
psychology is also a predictive
skill that under these conditions you're
likely to have this outcome if I do this
for you this kind of treatment you're
likely to have this kind of benefit it's
a prediction and of course knowing how
people think is by far the most
important thing to predict any outcome
how do people think and can I discern
what they will think from the reasoning
part of their brain which is minimal and
can I discern what their irrational
brain will do the way I predicted that
Trump would win in
2016 is my hypnosis prediction skills
that oh no he's more persuasive than
other people so that's a
prediction all right wa do you get to
I'm going to get to there's kind of a
like a crescendo here that I'm getting
to
um I'm also a member of the media so
although you know I'm a cartoonist I'm
also a
writer an author and I worked in the
news industry for most of my career if
you're in it you get to see behind the
curtain and if you see behind the
curtain you see how the media really
works you see it's basically money
driving the whole thing and selfishness
and all that so if you didn't have media
experience there's a whole bunch of
things that are really obvious to
everybody who's in the media that would
be invisible to normies they just
wouldn't see it but I have that
benefit the other thing is that I'm a
public
figure being a public figure allows you
to meet other public figures far more
often than if you were not when you meet
other public figures and you are a
public figure you quite often hear the
real story behind the scenes the story
other people don't get to hear so by
luck and coincidence I just Happ to have
access to people who go you know the
story in the news nothing like that
happened here's what really happened and
you will never ever hear it in the news
I get to hear that stuff from the people
who were there so I'm talking about the
person who made the news will tell me
that it's fake there I actually get to
talk to the people who ran an OP to
create fake news the news reported is
real and you think is real I get to talk
to them oh yeah we made that up and
people believe that now if you've never
had that experience of meeting people
who literally make up the
news you don't know what's going
on all
right the uh the other thing is uh being
good at pattern recognition which I
would argue that's what cartoonists are
a a humorist and a cartoonist tend to
sum you know simplify big complicated
situations and that's a good skill for
just understanding what's what if you
can
summarize and know what's important then
you can make jokes about it but it's the
same skill of summarizing and
understanding the key point that allows
you to see any any topic with a little
bit of extra
Clarity and then uh there's my varied
occupations so I've had jobs in
everything from marketing to sales to
strategy to service to engineering to um
technology to finance and all of them
are a different window into the house so
if the only thing you'd ever learned is
one of those things marketing let's say
you'd be looking into the house from in
the marketing window and you would just
see the living room you'd say the inside
of this house is a living room but it's
only because you only had one window if
you had all those skills you'd see the
house from all the windows and you'd
know all the contents of the house so
I've actually had probably 20 different
jobs that had different windows and they
all give you a little bit of a a peak
into what's
real and that's also a uh highly related
to being old if you're in your 60s you
have this vast experience of patterns
that you've seen ah when that happens
this always happens right but you're not
so old that your brain is deteriorating
in the you know dementia Joe away so if
you're in your 60s you just have this
gigantic advantage over somebody in
their 30s or 40s I mean really gigantic
and believe me when I was in my 30s and
40s I did not believe that people in
their 60s had a gigantic experiential
Advantage I often thought there would be
you know yeah they're a little out a and
Ayn they don't they don't know what the
new stuff is right but they certainly
know what the old stuff was they've seen
it so when somebody tells me that X or Y
is going to destroy the world I say do
you know how many times I've heard that
if it's the first time you're hearing
this or that will destroy the world
you're panicked oh my God the news just
said the world's going to be destroyed
what do I say yeah that's the 20th time
I've heard that hasn't happened yet so
experience really makes a
difference and uh the other thing is
that being a public figure I get to see
that the news about me isn't really
now if you're a public figure that the
news likes to write about which I am um
I get to see how they write it and I get
to see it's not real so then when I see
stories about other public figures I
start with the Assumption it's not real
if I see a story about let's say Kanye
yay or any other politician I start with
the Assumption it's not real because
that's the norm the norm is it's not
real you you wouldn't know that unless
You' been the subject of lots of stories
and you keep wondering why
coincidentally they're wrong it's not a
coincidence stories about public figures
rarely are true now having said that
your brain might be doing something like
this but
Scott really all the professions they
all have this predictive thing to them
like if you're a plumber you have to
predict that if you fix this pipe it
won't leak right but so basically all
the professions have this predictive
thing to
them kind
of but they only predict little things
within their domain yes it's true the pl
the plumber can predict a
leak but that's it it's not going to
help him read the news a school teacher
can be very smart and well informed
about the
past but they're not really in the
business of predicting the future Beyond
if I do this with my class I should get
a good result with my class it's very
compartmentalized right if you were a
uh I don't know you're in sales you have
to predict that if you do this somebody
will buy your stuff but that's it it
it's not a it's not a generalizable
skill so you see the difference if
you're in if you're uh Robert
daero he's learned to to conflate
reality and fiction that's his skill his
skill is conflating reality and fiction
in a way that entertains people is that
a good skill for understanding reality
probably the worst it doesn't give you
any predictive ability and it might fool
you into thinking that fiction and fact
aren't that different or that you could
treat them the same or that it's not not
a big deal if you do
so my answer to uh Ian Michael Black is
that it seems to me that the respectful
way with which he asked the question
suggests that he has a genuine curiosity
because it didn't come across exactly as
you're stupid for saying that watching
the news isn't helping it was more like
it looked like he was genuinely curious
how somebody now here's the part where
uh knowing that he knows somebody that
was close with me he probably
understands I'm not stupid
which is important because if he looks
at my opinion and says okay according to
our mutual friend this one's not stupid
but why is he saying something that in
my world view looks like it could be
stupid and so he respectfully asked how
do you explain this and so I did as as
a let's say
reciprocity reciprocity is a really
important factor in the world because he
was respectful
um I'm happy to respectfully give him a
complete answer that I think is really
useful for him and for other people I
don't do it just to score some points I
do it because this is really important
you really need to know why people say
the news isn't real real real
important but let me go
deeper um as to why I think I know
what's true in many cases as I said the
skill is in detect ing what's not true
it's not so much knowing which side is
telling you the truth it's detecting the
the fake stuff from both
sides so he asked me how do I know
what's true and I said I'll give you
some examples the news told you that
Trump called neo-nazis Fine people I
watched the whole video and could see he
condemned them the news showed you an
edited clip that's
easy so I watched the news I saw what
they said and then I went to the
internet and I saw the full clip it
wasn't hard you you don't have to you
don't have to do research you just have
to look at the source and you can see
that they lied about what was there now
when I said this a whole bunch of people
weighed in oh Scott that's not what the
president said he said they were fine
people with them marching with them he
didn't say the neo-nazis were fine
people he said the people who were with
them and marching were fine people no he
didn't he never said marching with he
said they were there and I said I
interviewed them personally and there
were townies there who just said oh I
like statues I think I'll walk over and
be part of it they weren't marching they
were nowhere near the Nazis they
disavowed the Nazis in plain Lang
language they just like the historical
nature of the statues and then somebody
said bcat did you see the flyer the
flyer is clearly a racist flyer the
flyer for the event how do you explain
that anybody saw that flyer and went
there and was not
prazi to which I say I interviewed
somebody who was Jewish who saw the
flyer and went and I said what the hell
you saw the flyer you're Jewish why
would you go there and he said I didn't
recognize any of the names of the
speakers which is actually very
believable I recognize them because you
know I'm kind of deep in the weeds but
they're not household names so I knew
Richard Spencer's
name so I would have said oh it's one of
those but most people in America have
never heard his name you know 95% of the
country wouldn't know who he
was but what about the imagery the
imagery was definitely evocative of some
Nazi
stuff but not everybody knew that I
recognized it just because again I'm in
the weeds and I watch certain stuff so I
recognized it
but I do legitimately think you could
look at it and say oh it's just
right-wing stuff you it wouldn't recog
you wouldn't recognize it as having some
you know some kind of historical
connection to something so yes it was
very easy that in or more generally
let's say this if you get a whole bunch
of Americans to attend anything for any
reason you'll have every opinion there
right if you get a whole bunch of
Americans to attend any publicize
event there will be every Viewpoint
there because there are lots of people
and we all have slightly different
viewpoints so to imagine that everybody
there had one
Viewpoint would be dumb beyond belief
that not the way anything Works
nothing
so um you don't have to be an expert on
the news to know that that was a lie
it's the same with the drinking bleach
hoax you just have to watch it and watch
the full video uh the news says
Republicans St insurrections without
guns that's obviously not true I don't
need to watch the news to know that
Republicans don't do insurrections
without guns I don't have to watch the
news to know that stealing Lecter is not
part of your Insurrection I don't have
to watch the news to know although I
heard this in the news that if Don Jr
was not aware of the January 6 being a
planned Insurrection and was not in
favor of it because he was trying to
calm it down from the start it wasn't an
Insurrection if the if the president
didn't tell his son and closest
adviser you know there are hundred ways
to know that wasn't an Insurrection
starting with Republicans don't leave
their guns home if they're trying to
conquer a country right or let me let me
say it more
clearly in the unlikely event that
Republicans ever stage an actual
Insurrection you wouldn't be asking the
question about whether it was an
Insurrection they would remove all
doubt the fact that that there's any
doubt at all should be all you need to
know so your detectors should
be able to catch all of those uh the
news told us that we should know that
elections were Fair that's just dumb the
only thing we know is that we didn't
discover enough of problems in a legally
Legally approved way you know that in
other words the legal system didn't
validate any
concerns but that doesn't mean we know
it was fair that's literally just stupid
the only thing we know is that we didn't
find anything that the court said it was
real very
different for uh for new for news that
has one anonymous source that says
something bad about Trump that no human
including Trump would ever say those are
obvious
lies you don't need to be like a news
expert to know that if it's one source
during an election year this that says
Trump said something that literally
nobody would say including Trump yeah
that's just made up every year ordinary
if he didn't know that you might think
that was the
news but once you know that it's the
most ordinary thing that they do this
one source made up something that nobody
would ever say like like calling the
military
losers the moment you heard that you
should have known that literally nobody
would say that including Trump as
president now did he say something about
John McCain yes because that's exactly
what he would
do he would make fun of a powerful
person that he's running against or
that's a critic but he's not going to
make fun of uh
veterans he's not going to make fun of
people in the military that's literally
the opposite of who he is and always has
been so to imagine that that was
true that's a problem in Discerning
 that's not you know something
about the news you should have seen that
one
yourself um how about the story uh that
Trump tried to choke out the driver of
his own car on January 6 he didn't
really need to be a news expert to know
that didn't happen and sure enough the
driver himself says it didn't
happen
um what about climate
models everybody who understand models
you know with lots of variables knows
they're not real you and I've done
prediction models so I've worked in that
do domain so I know that they're not
real I know how the that scam Works
where you replace the ones that don't
work and you keep updating them so that
you can always say well these all these
all were would have worked in the past
but of course it's just a selection bias
it's not actually any prediction going
on at all now you would only know that
if you had a specific skill set and
experience other people would say hm
looks like these models are telling me
the future you know like your horoscope
so that's not a case of you know
trusting Fox News over CNN it's just
obvious to people who have that
experience um the news is telling you
that Biden is cognitively
fine how much of a news expert do I need
to be to know that he's not cognitively
fine I see him I can see him we all see
it how about uh the News tells you that
the government has UFOs in a warehouse
now some of you might believe that the
government has UFOs in the warehouse I'm
here to tell you the government doesn't
have any UFOs in the warehouse how do I
know that it's really really obvious if
you're good at spotting
 that could not be less likely
right so there's another example how
about the Russia collusion hoax how long
did it take you from the beginning of
the hoax to know that that wasn't true
because your news didn't know I mean the
news couldn't tell if it was true or not
because there was an allegation for a
long time without the results of an
investigation but you knew didn't you
you knew it was made up I knew you knew
and sure enough it was made
up
um and I said I could do that test on
all of the news you could pick any topic
and I can tell you how the
could be easily spotted now that still
does require that you're watching the
news but you're watching both sides and
another trick I tell you all the time is
if both sides report a fact the same
it's probably
true it's probably true if one side said
it happened and the other side says it
didn't far far less likely to be true
but it might be so there are a lot of
rules of thumbs and there a lot of you
know tools in the toolbox for for
sorting this out but more
generally um well
let me give you another example from the
news there's a new one so the Biden
campaign has a cheap fake task force so
theyve created a task force to try to
convince you that the things you see
with your own eyes are not happening
because they're slightly edited videos
are they slightly edited videos yes yeah
the one in Normandy kind of cuts off the
fact that he was interacting with some
people off screen but you still see
Biden being Biden which is bad enough no
matter what he's doing at the moment so
they're they created this cheap fake
task force to gas late the public into
thinking that what you see is not what
you see because in some cases it's
actually not what you see so because 5%
of the time there's something like
offscreen that might be misleading that
the other 95% of the time that you could
clearly see he's fried that that's not
happening either now how much of an
expert in in health do I need to be to
know that the cheap fake task force is
for diversion purposes and is not
telling you the
truth it doesn't take a whole lot of
skill to spot that one