it would be easy to win all of these
arguments and the and the technique
should always be the same instead of
rejecting the other person's argument
you embrace it
and then you top it you're absolutely
right but your solution for it is wrong
here's the solution
yeah GOP should say we're the we are the
um the party of solutions we want better
systems for Education better systems for
Health Care better systems for whatever
and just say the Democrats are the ones
who just want to insult us while we're
working
and if the Republicans could frame the
situation as Republicans have nothing
but insults
and then just keep saying that
while saying we here's our plans for how
to make things better and Republicans
basically just have insults
every time the Democrats would insult
then the Republicans would no longer
need to address it
they could dismiss it say well this is
why we're running