so what we're going to try to
do I don't think it's going to work but
we're going to
try um so spaces doesn't work for some
reason um it just turns
[Music]
off uh people could hear me the whole
time on Spaces well I couldn't tell that
you could hear me and the micros
microphone turned from on to off
so I'm not going to try that because I
wouldn't know if it was working after
after I started so I'm going to abandon
spaces as an experiment however anybody
who wants to ask a question on
here um I don't even know if this is
working there's nobody on
YouTube there we go
YouTube it's about time you found me
we've got a little uh Friday commute
action going here
today
so let me find the locals no no I'm
going to do
this I'm going to do this on
X uh it's working all right
good all
right so I'll check my the comments that
are coming in on X and I can see the
other comments coming in so here's what
you need to know if you are in the
market for the dilber calendar that is
now made entirely in the USA you can get
it by the link at dilbert.com
but dilbert.com will take you to the
sales page that's a different URL it's
just easier to tell you to go there
first if you've already ordered and
you're wondering about your order or you
didn't get a if you didn't get the email
um to tell you you can also go to
dilbert.com but don't use any messaging
on dilbert.com click to the sales page
at the bottom of the sales page there'll
be a place that you can uh send an email
to check if you send the email on
dilbert.com instead of the sales page
that it takes you to then uh it will go
to
me if it goes to me you will get no
answer whatsoever because the mechanism
for answering emails on the platform I'm
using just doesn't
work so you can send me messages all day
but I won't I won't be able to send you
one back now it
works but it takes almost a full minute
just to open a message and look at it so
I could you know maybe do three messages
all day long so it it's not practical so
I'm using the GoDaddy platform at the
moment so the messages are too slow to
to use but if if you want a real real
message and a real answer go to the
dilbert.com click purchase and it'll
take you to the sales page and at the
bottom of that you can see an email that
you can ask all your
questions um let me tell you what the
that URL is that'll save you some
time now we do that by going to
dilbert.com and then so the URL for
asking if your order went through is
support at shop Dilbert do
online support do I'm sorry support at
shop
dilbert.com you'll never get an answer
all right now here's what you want to
know do you want to buy the
calendar or are you in the market for
one of my new released books it depends
who you're buying it for so I thought I
would answer that question because
they're all very
different so if the person in your life
um is used to having the dilber calendar
then definitely they want another one
but this one's twice as good because not
only does it have a comic on the front
but it's got a comic on the back of
every page the ones in the front are the
innocent ones that um have been printed
before calendars are always made up of
comics that have already run in some
kind of publication so the front ones
are like that like they always have been
but the ones in the
back are the spicier ones that I've only
done since I got cancelled so these
started in
2023 and they're only you know PG maybe
PG13 they're they're not that naughty
but uh you don't want to show those to
your boss or your co-workers they might
be a little too woke so it's twice as
many Comics you're going to find that
the shipping costs are higher than you
want them to be that's why we get that's
why you get twice as many Comics okay
and the reason it's being done this way
and it's not on Amazon is because in
order to get the prices right to do it
in America we had to skip some
middlemen so if uh somebody's just a
Dilbert fan the Dilbert comic calendar
is the only place you can get the comics
just by themselves highly recommend
it um so that's at dilbert.com and you
can follow the follow the link but if
there's somebody in your
life who is really kind of a curious
seeker and wants to improve their life
then my incredible bestselling book
reframe your brain is what would turn
them on it is full of reframes which are
short sentences to make you think
differently about every problem in your
life so it's everything from psychology
to mental health to uh success to
business to your social life to just
about everything uh it helps you handle
grief and
loss and um people are already telling
me it's changing their
lives actually literally changing their
lives now reframes are something that
are fairly typically used in the mental
health field so they're very well tested
and understood and um the ones in my
book um I think most of them are my own
some of them are ones you might have
seen before but they're the best ones
they're the best ones so if somebody
who's got some if you have somebody who
likes
self-improvement or they just like to
know what's the coolest new thing people
are thinking about reframe your brain
would be a winner if there's somebody
who's just looking to improve every
element of their life and in what to and
sort of the strategy of success then
they want the second edition it's got
the blue cover the first edition and the
red cover but you want the updated
second edition that's the one I sell uh
the other ones are probably some other
bestseller or probably some somebody
selling it illegally if you get the
other color but the one that's blue and
white is the second edition it's on
Amazon the books are all on Amazon you
can get them there and this is one that
a lot of self out books have referred to
or copied or um effectively this is
probably the most influential book in
the self-help uh
category this is where you learn things
like systems versus goals uh Talent
Stacks uh how to use luck in your favor
uh lots of communications and basically
everything you'd want to know when you
were 14 years old if if you were a
really aggressive
14-year-old do you know anybody in your
life or maybe it's you who even at the
age of 14 just to pick a random number
they they already had like a career
ambition and they wanted to be
successful and they wanted to make money
and they wanted to everything to work
that that's the book they want it's
called how to failed almost everything
and still win big how to fail at
everything almost everything and still
wi big uh if you're if you just go to
Amazon and search for my name as the
author all the books will come up so
it's easier that way now here's the
exciting
one God's debris now if you've never
heard of this book God's debris um
nothing I say will make
sense but if you are familiar with it
look at the other comments you're going
to see it's the it's the one that blows
people's heads off it's a some call it a
religious philosophy in the form of
fiction but I took God's debris and then
I took the sequel and put it in the same
book and then I added a sort of a
closing short story called lucky house
so the three of them work together as
sort of a very long period um you could
call it
sci-fi but you could call it philosophy
or religion too because it crosses all
those domains so it gets into all the
Spacey stuff that uh let's just say if
you were doing Bongs in college you'd
probably love it uh but if you're a
seeker and you're a philosophically
driven this is the one that will blow
your mind if you're if you're if you're
kind of confused about this one look at
the
reviews because the reviews are going to
say stuff like it's the best book I've
ever read and you're going to say to
yourself that can't be
true but you would you would be amazed
how many people call this book
specifically this book the best book
they've ever read now even I don't
believe that but I I promise you it's
the most common comment I get in person
now that's not it that's not all wi
bigley has been
republished wi bigley was the book that
came out in 2017 I think it it was about
how Trump won the first race and it
teaches you persuasion from the
perspective of everything Trump did and
what his competition did Clinton did
when she was uh you know doing her thing
so this is the second edition this is
the one you want with the blue cover not
the black one and uh it's a tighter edit
and it's a it's got a little bit of a
update in it it's it's 98% the same as
the first edition but that's the one you
want all right so those are all your
choices
um do you have any uh questions about
I'm going to open
up uh if you're waiting for your dilber
calendar and you've already ordered it
they are creating them right now because
we're creating them on demand so the the
first
batch of several thousand are being
printed right now as we speak you should
get those in November but if you didn't
get a
confirmation you want to go to that
support atshop Dilbert online and send
them a message and ask about it probably
the confirmation just went to your spam
file or your
junk there we go yours is already
shipped good for
you uh where in Texas I I don't want to
talk about the Texas business I want to
keep their
privacy um but it's Texas
Tastefully nude Dilbert calendar not too
many nudes
actually does win bigly address how
Trump beat the other Republicans in the
primary it does it does that was a lot
of the
fun yeah and if you read wind bigley
it'll change your
life by the way did you see I'm in the
news today Politico has a story about me
I'm having one of those uh Gilman
Amnesia
situations where since I know something
about the story I I know what's
missing or I know what they got wrong
and you just read it and you'll think oh
that's probably
true so have a good time with that part
of it is I don't really even know what
the even even though I'm part of the
story even I don't understand it it's
just some complicated story that has to
do with Gates and uh something about
Israel and somebody got blackmailed and
I don't know I honestly don't even know
what it's all about but I'm in I'm in
the
story all right
uh after being banned
what yeah was it's kind of a confusing
story I don't think it's going to go
very far cuz everybody just looked at
and said said what I don't even know
what's going on here but that's actually
the if you look at the story in Politico
that involves me today and you say to
yourself I don't really understand the
story or even why they're mentioning
Scott then you understand the story well
I don't know it doesn't seem important
that they mention me in the story but
they seem pretty adant about
it um so what Gilman Amnesia is
is is when you know about a story then
you see the news report and you know
that it's wrong because you know about
the story but then you have amnesia and
the very next story you see that you
don't know much about you think well
that's probably
true and then you learn eventually that
all stories are distorted or spun or or
they leave out important
parts bought your first property in
Hawaii today planning to start a f
wow I'm pretty impressed by that that's
pretty big life
move all right does anybody have any
questions about the dilbur calendar and
I don't know if I mentioned it's the
first time that it's being made in
America we skipped last year because I
got so
cancelled
um and uh I don't know if there'll be a
calendar again it depends if this one if
people buy this one so this could be the
last dilber
calendar
um which would be its own which would
make it a click collector's item I guess
it'd be the only one that would have
any Crawley don't do this to
me don't do this to
me um Gods debris audio book um not yet
because um I had it I've got the audio
book is being done by a third party and
the third party had some issues this
summer so everything got delayed several
months the old west documentary I liked
was
WP and I think it's on Netflix
werp it was
awesome yeah the reason that I don't do
it in my voice is because my reading
problem
so I can't read out
loud um you know I can't read a chapter
let's say well a paragraph it would be
very hard for me to read a whole
paragraph without getting a word wrong
because I'm dyslexic as as you could
possibly be so when I read to myself I
don't read all the
words so it doesn't even doesn't even
really occur to me that I'm dyslexic
when I'm reading for myself like I don't
don't even have any experience of it
because the words I see the man of order
but my brain just puts them back in
order as I'm reading so that works fine
when I'm reading but if I'm reading to
you the words are jumping around and so
I'll read a wrong word and it just takes
me ever to go back and fix it
all so that's why I couldn't do it I
tried I actually you know I booked the
studio I paid for the studio and I went
and spent a morning there and then I
said you know what I can't read my own
book and I actually couldn't read my own
book I don't have the capacity to do
that at least that
allowed do you think Ben Carson is going
to be tapped for
anything well he might get
tapped I know it seemed like there was a
joke there but there really wasn't I
don't know maybe
if I tried electric
shocks
huh uh 70% for
Tyson oh is there a fight tonight is
that is Mike Tyson fighting tonight or
is that
[Music]
tomorrow I did I did one of them and it
was just a hellish experience and they
had to do just massive editing to get it
to work but since I don't want to do
massive editing doesn't
work you have to drink chemicals and
fluoride because people
don't
yeah the new wind bigly new forward or
new postcript
um I think it has both I think I there's
a new forward and a new postcript
but neither of those are reasons to buy
don't don't buy the book for the new for
the new data just buy the book If you
haven't read it yet you'll love
it yeah I think I think the UK needs to
be a human rights violator they are
trying
to uh wait what's it
say Mark safe from being married to a
woman with a shaved
head you ordered the calendar on 8th 1
will they ship soon yes uh all the ones
that have been ordered so far they were
all
pre-sales but the the printing press is
running right now so everything that's
been ordered is literally in the process
of being printed this week and you
should start getting them by the end of
November we were always shooting for
Christmas uh but everything that's been
ordered so far we should be able to
easily get to you with within November
so there's plenty of time to get more of
them if you
want so we have the smallest
audience wonder why that
is I wonder if there's a lot of people
on
X it's a commute time so I can see why
people are
busy now we got 19,000 on X that's
better
I'm going to look at the comments on X
to see if there's any
questions I sense that you have
recovered fully from ejection from the
Funny Pages have any papers reinstated
you well I wouldn't allow any newspapers
to reinstate me um none of offered in
case you're wondering none of offered
but um I was syndicated which means that
the syndication company would do all the
work of producing it and you know
getting it to the newspapers on time and
all that and I don't have that service
so being a newspapers would be too much
work for the amount of money that you
get per newspaper unless you're
syndicated so no it's never been
practical to go back into
newspapers and newspapers are a dying
industry I mean I desperately wanted to
I wanted to get out of that
industry by the way you want some good
uh
business uh success
advice let me give you some good
business success
advice so for years I was told that the
newspaper business was going to
fail and by the way the Dilbert calendar
is available at dilbert.com and then
just follow to the purchase page it's
the only place you can get it now only
at the link at dilbert.com 2025 dilber
calendar better than ever uh anyway so
here's a true
story um in my book I had to failed
almost everything and still win big I
teach you how to use
luck even though luck doesn't really
exist so there's no such thing as like
absolute luck but you can certainly go
to places where there's going to be more
of it for example if you decided you
wanted to get into the buggy whip
business today you would find it wasn't
much luck there because there's not much
action you got to go where there's a lot
of action otherwise no luck so when the
newspaper business was obviously winding
down and there were fewer newspapers
every year and the the places that
dilber could be was going down every
year I said to myself you know what I
need to do I need to develop some skills
outside of this Silo in case I ever need
them and so I thought what's the most
dynamic thing that's happening and this
was 2016 or
so in 2016 Periscope was coming out and
you could tell that I think Joe Rogan
was already be started podcasting but
you could tell that live video was going
to be the
thing and I said to myself hey I have
half of the skills you need to do that
meaning that um I'm not embarrassed to
speak in public and I often have
opinions so if you're good at speaking
in public and you have opinions maybe
you can be a podcaster but I didn't have
enough skill one of my problems was my
voice wasn't good enough um it's a long
story but I recovered from a voice
problem that was not unlike um RFK Jr's
problem but I had some surgery and it
took years to get my voice back to a
good place where it is so I had to work
on my voice which I did for
years and I had to figure out the
technology of podcasting and I built a a
whole studio in my house and none of it
worked I couldn't get it to work twice
it was all the right equipment you know
I did all the research and got the right
stuff but if you walked away from it um
for 5 minutes it would be begging for a
software or hardware update date and all
of a sudden two things wouldn't work
together so it just never worked twice
yeah so I took down the whole
studio um a year or so passed and I said
I'm sure I can make this work now so I
built a whole new
studio didn't work once I couldn't get
it to work once and again I had all the
expensive nice equipment you know
high-end cameras high-end
internet
everything but it just didn't work
together and you you just couldn't get
it to work twice you could get it to
work so it's not like I didn't know how
to make it work cuz I could get it to
work it's just that the second time you
used it the software would be on a DAT
date or something so just useless
so the here's what you should learn so
far one of the lessons is that if you
know it's an area you want to be in chew
through the wall right you if you need
to be on the other side of that brick
wall just start chewing on it it might
take you three years it took me three
years probably four maybe to to get even
the technology that would work half the
time basically now at the moment it's
pretty good uh if you notice the spaces
thing didn't work this morning because
spaces was telling me that um my
microphone was off when it was on so it
just didn't work now that's the
experience you'd have if you put
together like five pieces of equipment
like you get your camera and you know a
couple of audio devices and you got some
lights and stuff you'll never make it
work all at the same time so that that's
a typical
experience so one of my skills is not
being embarrassed when things don't
work
and one of my other skills is I'll just
keep pushing until I figure it out
however long it takes So eventually I
got to the point where you know the
rumble Studio does uh great work makes a
lot
easier and podcasting got bigger and
bigger so by the time I got cancelled
from cartooning I had already built
built a
platform that I had a whole separate
career going that I just just opened up
the second
career
so here are some things to learn number
one you should always diversify your
boss if you have exactly one boss who
can fire you at will you're in
danger you want to get out of this
situation I had uh thousands of
newspapers that I thought kept me safe
because I thought well they're not all
going to cancel me at the same time but
I didn't count on my syndication company
turning on me so there was just too much
pressure on them so they cancelled me
which took me out of all the newspapers
at the same time so I got fired by 2,000
entities at the same time because one of
them was taking the lead and so that was
possible and then my publishing which
would be a whole Diversified area as
soon as the publisher and my agent said
we can't work with you anymore then all
of my books were were
cancelled so so there were only a couple
of Choke points where they got all of my
publishing all of my life licensing all
of my speaking and all of my newspapers
they got it all but by then I had
already created another
Channel which is this so by then I had
already created a online presence and uh
created some notoriety for myself for
getting the the uh prediction about
Trump right and so what I did was I just
added some more platforms added Rumble
added X um added
Spotify and took up my production values
and you just made it a little bit better
show
and I'm right back in
business so here are the things that you
should learn from that number one
diversify your bosses because you can
get fired by a lot of bosses at the same
time you want to have a lot of bosses
now bosses could be customers it doesn't
have to be a traditional boss it could
be a thousand customers the other thing
is that luck doesn't come find you you
have to go look for the luck so what I
did was not just sit there and draw
Comics until the C until the newspapers
canceled me I created a whole new
possibility through
podcasting
and so I'm always creating a new
possibility because as old ones you know
die you've got a new thing going I
worked on my talent stack
so I had half of the skills I needed to
be a podcaster and then I worked hard to
get the other half to work
out and then there's also the marketing
of it and The Branding of it and you
know the whole coffee with Scott Adams
thing uh makes it
work
so uh a Norbert
character
uh jbp says live shows are going to be
very popular in the future he's right
right the the live ones have more action
don't they so here's another
lesson um I think this was Guy Kawasaki
said it first a 100 years ago that you
don't tell your customers what business
you're in you think you do right you
think oh I'm going to start a company
and I'm going to do X and that's what
I'm going to sell to my customers but
then your customers see what you're
selling and they say Ah that's cool but
you know what I really need
is for you to do this other thing that's
sort of related then suddenly you're in
a different business just you sort of
accidentally found out that you were in
the other thing business because that's
what your customers keep asking for so
she'd always be ready to be in the other
thing so my
customers if you can call them customers
the people subscribe to locals it turns
out that what they needed was not so
much my clever
comary what they needed was to not be
lonely and there were hundreds of them
thousands of them that would often not
see another human being all day like no
human contact at all and so when I would
come on live and I would talk to them in
the comments Etc and spend some time it
turns out that what I was really selling
and I didn't know this was not my plan I
was selling an a solution to loneliness
and so now the the thing that people
most comment on at least for the evening
program the morning programs about the
news and politics and persuasion and
stuff but the evening stuff is just
hanging
out so for an hour or so every night I
just turn on the locals feed and
whoever's there comes in and and we talk
about whatever we feel like and then
then we go our separate ways and I find
it
I find it just as useful to me because
it cancels my loneliness too so the um
I'm agreeing with Jordan Jordan Peterson
that I think the live
broadcasts have an entirely different
dimension to them would you agree with
that would you agree that watching
anything
live is just a little extra compared to
anything um that's you know overproduced
and recorded
will I take a job in the Trump
Administration if offered I would not
no um I would not want
to I wouldn't want any part of it
really even if I imagined I would be
amazing at it um my life is in
California so I'm not in a position
where I want to be spending a whole
bunch of time somewhere else it's just
no
interest and and but beyond that I'm
going to give you the more interesting
answer the Trump Administration doesn't
need to ask me to work for him because I
do it
already I and I do the thing that I do
best so if they asked me to do some job
it you know might be a job I took and
maybe I'd be okay at it but I wouldn't
be special at it like I I don't think
there's any government job where people
are just waiting for me to do
it but um for my little niche of talking
about politics in a different way than
other people do and adding the
persuasion uh filter on everything I
think that's pretty additive personally
I I I think um the fact that wind bigley
was the bestseller tells you that
there's definitely market for people
want to learn persuasion in the field of
politics but you can use it at work or
anything
else so if you're just joining let me
give you the quick quick
commercial the 2025 dilber calendar is
out this time it's got twice as many
Comics it's got the traditional ones on
the front and it's got the Dilbert
Reborn the spicy ones on the
back if you want if you want to give a
book to somebody who wants to know how
to succeed especially if they're
younger how to win how to F with almost
everything still win big we'll teach you
how to fail forward if you want to solve
every problem in your life mentally and
maybe even with success then reframe
your brain my newest this is the newest
one reframe your brain and again look at
the look at the reviews for all
these you're going to see amazing
reviews for all these
books it's hard for me to do the
marketing because marketing is usually
lying most of marketing is like leaving
out context about the competition but it
is genuinely
true that for each of the books that I
mentioned in the calendar there's some
large group of people who are just over
the moon about it but not everybody
right not everybody likes the same book
but uh and now God's debris which is now
bigger than God's debris it includes the
religion or which predicted 20 years in
advance the Drone situation that we're
having now with terrorism and a lot of
other
predictions so that one is special um in
fact if you ask me what will I be known
for after I'm gone it will be this
one but that catches you off guard
doesn't
it of all the things I've done um
career-wise it's going to be this book
that lasts the
longest now now are there those of you
who have read it who can confirm that
in the comments is there anybody who's
read the complete works the gods debris
would you agree that that's that's the
one that I'll be remembered for even
more than Dilbert I
think I think you're agreeing with me
but I can't see comments are a little
slow it
delivers it will replace the Bible no
it's not going to replace the Bible but
it's right up
there will I update loser think um
thinking about
it what's going to happen with
fouchy RFK J does not like
fouchy oh good you're going to give
God's debr to your
friends yeah I think I've got I've got a
solution for everybody who
reads so if your friend is not a reader
but it like but likes the dilber
calendar or the comic then get the
calendar if they're a serious reader who
likes challenging stuff than God's
debris it's it's written to be easy to
read it's really easy to read but the
conceptual stuff is
mindblowing and reframe your brain also
really easy to read and will guaranteed
change your life I don't think there's
any I don't think there's any chance
that won't change your life actually
that that's how powerful it
is does anybody have a uh beverage that
they would like to simultaneously sitp
with
me
uh the ACLU is disappointing Justine
baitman doesn't like the U
ACLU God's be should be required reading
for every religious person
can you do a micro lesson on learning to
read
huh
um I is there a problem with learning to
read I thought that was one thing that
the schools do pretty
well um I do have a massage
tonight so I can't stay too
long so I got my
inversion um device where it hangs you
upside
down did you know that if you get an
inversion
table because your back
hurts that you will hurt your back very
much assembling your inversion
table and if you're me you'll be
spouting blood like
crazy the this part of my arm looks like
beut under the bandage
uh let's just say things didn't go well
in my
assembly but the good news is that when
I strap myself in and inverted
myself I think it
helps I think it actually
helped you hurt your back assembling
yours too there's it there's almost no
way to avoid hurting your back
assembling it because it has big heavy
awkward pieces and you've got to like
get down on the ground and you got to
reach around and you have to have four
hands
and it was it was quite a
task no you joined to get the Camara
camaraderie came to the right
place yeah I needed it from my back it's
working so today even before I got the
inversion table
um I had my
first really painfree day in a long time
so some of you know I started I I
stopped sleeping in a
bed because for the last 30 years the
first half hour that I'm awake is
screaming back
pain but it always goes away you know
like by the time I'm done with my
morning routine it's it's fine so I
never really bothered to solve it cuz it
kept going away on its
own but but it was so bad I couldn't
even walk uh so I started sleeping on my
massage table just on my on my
stomach and all back
pain gone three days on the massage
table instead of using a a bed and I
don't think I'll ever sleep on a bed
again actually I'm thinking about never
sleeping on a bed again because it's
really painful and I don't sleep better
so there's no point in
it arches in my shoes I don't think so
see the thing is that the only time it
hurts is when I've been sleeping in a
bed it it doesn't hurt
otherwise uh Rachel zler apologizing for
wishing harm on Trump voters too late
it's like a firm
futon locals won't let you be current
what are you talking
about uh by commenting it fixed it
h do you know that it doesn't matter
what I mentioned somebody's going to
tell me I need to eat red meat
I could tell you I need a haircut and
somebody would saywell have you
considered red meat and you know
swimming is best exercise and I get that
a
lot had the same problem who's Mr
bin all right T me mats used to be beds
and now
floors huh
here was a French
press
uh Mother Teresa slept on the floor no
she
didn't Joe Rogan mentioned me
today
really who was his guest that he
mentioned
me yeah I think it's just spasms
who is Joe Rogan's
guest did you forget your streaming on X
no
why
[Music]
uh did I take an edible no I don't do
Edibles Edibles are crap
um I told your wife that her job was to
protect me she didn't get
it in the content in the context of wi
bigley oh my comments on Trump's
persuasion who is his guest so I can
find
it advertisers are returning to X well
they
should Evan
Hofer all right this guess was
Evan haer whoever that is
most expensive mistake was a
bar
uh all right I've just got the message
to turn off so I will take that
Quee we'll be done
here and remember the calendar dilbur
calendar is at dilbert.com and you can
follow the link there if you're
wondering where your calendar is also go
to dilbert.com and follow the sales link
and on that page you'll find a email
address to ask about your about your
calendar remember my book had to fill
almost everything and still win big
second edition Win bigley Second Edition
learn about Trump's persuasion reframe
your brain reprogram yourself with
simple simple
language and God's debris will make your
brain Spin and that ladies and gentlemen
solves most of your Christmas present
buying and that is all you need I'm
going to go do some other things tonight
and you're going to have an amazing
amazing uh evening thanks for
joining maybe I'll get that space of
stuff to work one of these days