well I introduced you today the killer
persuasion that uh can destroy the
entire Democratic party and all it
stands for should you like to use it and
I call it the levels of awareness in
politics now here's the important part
if you are at a different level in
understanding than the people you're
debating with it is a waste of time it
would be like a monkey arguing with a
potato I don't if you're the potato or
the monkey in this example you could be
the monkey or the potato but my point is
a potato and a monkey do not have the
same understanding of the world and if
they try to have a debate well it's
going to look like nonsense to the rest
of us why is that monkey debating a
potato and why is a
potato why does a potato have eyes I
you'd have many questions about
it but here's level one it I'll go
through the levels so you know not to
argue with somebody who's not at least
on your level level one is they believe
that their preferred news sources say
they believe what their preferred news
sources say and they do not sample other
sources so they're not aware of any
counterarguments um and they're not
aware that their own news is mostly just
narrative now that would apply to my
what I call my smartest Democrat
friend who literally gets his news from
CNN and the New York Times and believes
that reading anything else would just be
um garbage
he's he's a level one political um
thinker level two you do sample newses
from multiple sources so not just your
preferred but you see what the other
side says um but you still believe that
your source is the right
one and you believe that the other side
is full of narrative but yours is just
is just singing the truth oh it's good
it's a good thing that my news sources
are telling me the truth all the time
that'd be level two so you're familiar
with the other side but you you don't
give it much respect because you think
it's all
fake level three you're aware that all
news is fake at least at least in terms
of missing context right there might be
true facts but out a context so that
you're you're intentionally
misled uh this would also be known as
the Gilman Amnesia now Gilman you've
heard this too many times a famous
physicist who noticed that when he read
the news if he saw saw a story in his
field of expertise which was physics he
knew immediately that the story was
wrong because he knew what was right but
then he would say he would turn the page
read a story in a domain in which he was
not an expert and he would say well
that's probably
true but after doing it long enough he
said to himself what are the odds that
100% of the time I read something I know
about it is wrong but all the other
stories are
correct and so from that he generalized
correctly that all the stories are
fake it's just that some people know cuz
they're experts and most people don't so
that would be level three where you
realize all all news is fake at least in
terms of context that's left
out level four you go beyond the news is
fake and all the way to the experts
which are giving the information to the
news are
unreliable some might be right right I'm
not saying that every expert's wrong
about everything sometimes they're right
often they're right but you can't tell
that's the problem the problem is
thinking you could
tell if you think you could tell you're
at a lower level of
awareness um so level four you know that
the experts uh none of the experts are
reliable because money distorts
everything and you know you might never
see anybody who thought they would lose
their job if they said something uh
unpopular level five is where you start
to see the gears of the machine and I'm
going to call it Mike Ben style now if
you don't know who Mike Benz is it's
probably proof that you also don't know
what the gears of the machine are or
even what I'm talking about because
you're not there yet what I'm talking
about is the fact that we don't live in
a republic and haven't for a long time
and that the real Powers who are running
things are some combination of in uh
current and ex intelligence
professionals and some combination of
billionaires and they largely control
all the important decisions that have to
do with you know the big stuff the the
world and uh other countries and wars
and stuff like that now I do think our
government is in charge of stuff like I
don't know abortion you know the local
stuff but all the big stuff the big
money stuff the foreign stuff the war
stuff uh that
clearly we've been under some other kind
of administration for a long time so
once you really see all the gears of the
machine and you know who's actually in
power and you know it's some combination
of intelligence officials then you're in
level five and then there's only one
level above level five it's level six
and level six you're dead uh because you
knew too much and this is also known as
the Epstein level level six so Epstein
was a level six he actually knew
everything so of course he's dead he had
to
die so those are your levels now the way
you would use this as a sword of
persuasion is to make it a Thing If you
repeat it and post it then you can
simply dismiss people at lower levels as
uh not ready to debate not inferior
they're not inferior cuz we were all
level one at one
point they're simply people who have not
yet traveled a path right they're not
they're not
stupid they're not even well there might
be some ignorance this part of the
process but they're not
defective don't think that there's
something wrong with people who are at a
different level nothing like that
they're also not dumb which is the real
surprising part they're definitely not
dumb my my Democrat friend I always talk
about he's one of the smartest people I
know like you wouldn't want to take an
IQ test compete against them ever you
would not want to do that he's smarter
than me you know if we if we both took a
standardized test he'd beat me
easily uh so it's not about
smart is just where you are on the
journey and maybe you don't care to make
the journey maybe it's just never
something never occurred to you you know
maybe there's something that never
happened to you accidentally that caused
you to
you know want to look into it farther
further but uh that will end uh all of
your disagreements you'll just say
sounds like you're a level three and uh
get back to me when you're a level four