good morning YouTube users you may be
wondering what's been happening to
coffee with Scott Adams lately and why
has the sound been bad and am I going to
come back so this is just to tell you
about that it's not going to be the show
I'm just going to give you an update so
I've been trying to use my uh Apple Mac
laptop to multistream to different
platforms so I was using streamyard
software to go through my laptop to uh
YouTube and uh Rumble and uh the
xplatform and it worked great for a
little while but all of the third-party
software Solutions I've seen where you
go to multiple platforms typically and
I've been trying it
for five years I guess I've tried every
combination of sound and product Etc
and uh the only thing that works is one
device on on one platform and when I say
it's the only thing that works it's the
only thing that works
consistently and you'd never know what
the problem is until you go live we
should do today God damn
it got robotic machines coming on on
their own so um tomorrow I'm going to go
back to my old technique so I'll have a
dedicated iPad which is what I'm using
right now uh for YouTube so the sound
will be good because it'll be one micro
phone plugged into one
iPad and if you don't like that you can
watch the live streams on the Local's
Channel normally it's only for
subscribers but I leave the morning the
morning uh live streams I leave open uh
when I'm doing the show so if you want
to see that you could go to Scott adams.
locals.com and even without being a
subscriber you could watch most of the
morning show sometimes I'll turn turn it
off at the end to give the uh local
subscribers a little extra but you would
see everything you would see on YouTube
all right so sorry about the technical
problems that's all on me uh as soon as
I reached a certain level of complexity
you know trying to do multiple platforms
there were just it was a new technical
problem every day you know uh probably
because the software is always morphing
and something needs to be updated all
the
time
um you think your laptop mic was on at
the same time well it wasn't
selected so and you'd also have to
wonder why it worked several times and
then stopped working so the one thing I
can rule out is user
error because I did it the same way each
time it just stops working and that's
been my experience for over five years I
at one point I built all different
equipment I had you know special cameras
and audio equipment going through
devices through devices
never worked twice it always worked once
but it never worked consistently no
matter what I did and by the way I know
some of you are going to say but but but
what about this other podcaster who's
making it work no they're
not no they're not no they're having
problems too um the ones that the reason
you think it's easier than it is is
you're used to watching recorded content
if I did this
recorded I would know if it worked or
not before I posted it so there would
never be a bad recorded content because
I wouldn't post it but the live streams
are a completely different animal
different technology and all kinds of
problems but someday when it's possible
to go to rumble now when when I can um
live stream to
rumble uh without
error it's possible I'll only live
stream there and on
locals it's possible but uh Rumble is uh
doing some technical upgrades that might
make that easier to do than it is now so
I'll wait for that all right that's all
for now I just wanted to give you this
quick update about what's going on I'll
be back with a working iPad solution
tomorrow bye for
now okay I'm sorry I can't leave because
I saw that comment hiring an engineer
will never
work right I know it seems like the
obvious thing to do do you know why it
would never
work because it's adding
complexity it's adding another
complexity it would ruin the content I'd
be dealing with the engineer instead of
preparing for the show here's what would
be like me preparing for the show with
content that you want to hear and then
the engineer says uh um just have to
tell you this thing isn't working you
need to test this now now no now is what
I'm doing the show I can't take my mind
over there yeah but you have to because
it's not working so the engineer would
just be the person who made the show
shitty and it still wouldn't
work because the engineer isn't Magic
it's the technology itself it it's not
because I don't know how to use it that
isn't the problem it really isn't
because I do know how to use it and I
make it work in every scenario with
every technology I do make it work and
then it stops working that's the problem
the engineer wouldn't have a different
situation if I hire an engineer it will
also work for them just like for me and
then it will stop
mysteriously in the live stream and then
I have to talk to the engineer instead
of you so it seems like common sense to
hire an engineer but that would work for
recorded
content but if you do it for live
content never going to
work how do I know that because I've
worked with a lot of
Engineers and I've watched it I've
watched how much trouble they have on
every even the recorded
content so so a number of times I did
recorded content when I'm doing my book
promotion you should see how many
problems the engineer has to get even
recorded content working take several
tries and and they use the same
technology every time and it still takes
several tries to get it to work that's
just the state of the the technology all
right that's all for now talk to you
later